C.A.R.D. - Christian Article Registry Depository dependably gathering names!@#C.A.R.D. - Christian Article Registry Depository dependably gathering names Published 07 May 2015 | Dr Mark Tronson - Press Service International Columnist Tweet Josh Hinds at the computer  C.A.R.D. - Christian Article Registry Depository - launched last November has been responsibly gathering names so as to broaden the scope for Christian editors to scan through for their particular professional requirement.  It's a creation of Gold Coast's Josh Hinds and his IT company " Spiders Touch " explained the idea behind C.A.R.D. is that editors who are looking for someone to write on a particular subject have a 'select' and 'ready' list to choose from.  Under C.A.R.D. they have a wide selection of Christian writers to choose from at their fingertips.  Search engines can only help so much. The person wanting information (on the one hand) or the editor chasing a writer with a particular pedigree (on the other) has to jump from one link to another (it seems to go on forever) tracking it down.  And already some luminaries in Christian media have become part of C.A.R.D.  Ramon Williams of Australia's Religious Media Bob Thomas editor of New Life Dan Wooding chief editor of Assist News Service Dr Mark Tronson of Press Service International Ramon Williams on C.A.R.D.  How C.A.R.D. is beneficial  This website invites Christian authors and writers to enter their specific details onto C.A.R.D. with their name, profile and article details.  Once this is done, then anyone wanting to access work by that author, or on that topic, only needs to make one click and they have access to the plethora of information on that person and their professional works. This applies to all those who have submitted their details to C.A.R.D.  Josh Hinds explains that the site is interactive, and it provides easy access by both "surname" and "genre" (or "topic"). The instructions are extremely easy to follow.  Six months further research  Josh Hinds is dedicating himself in this next period of time to create an IT process whereby each Christian writer / author will be able to separately log in and upload their own web page and only that site.  Currently it's the web master who has those codes who gets into the site and makes whatever additions or deletions as required. Josh Hinds is working on a process whereby each Christian writer / author is their own web-master.  What this will mean is that each and every Christian writer / author becomes their own webmaster and therefore keeping it updated will be to their own benefit.  Some Christian media names on C.A.R.D. Bob Thomas is on C.A.R.D.  These six illustrates how C.A.R.D. Functions.  Ramon Williams has a mammoth Christian media distribution Christian ministry which has served the Australian and International Christian media for well over 50 years. The Australasian Religious Press Association honoured Ramon in 2013 with a meritorious citation.  Bob Thomas is editor of New Life the Australian Christian Newspaper which was once delivered by post weekly for forty years. Now it is a fortnightly on-line publication serving Australia's evangelical community, particularly missions.  Dan Wooding is chief editor of Assist News Service which he founded in 1984. He was UK Fleet Street journalist of huge reputation and decided there was a need to serve the persecuted church through media distribution. It is now the world's largest single Christian media distribution body. Dan Wooding and Mark Tronson  Dr Mark Tronson is a 'daily' columnist for Christian Today (8 yrs ...). Promo: "Everyday situations in a Christian context". The Australian Cricket team Chaplain for 17 years, mentors young writers through Press Service International and respite facilities for missionaries. Philanthropist Mr Basil Sellers AM has been beside Mark for 30 years.  Russell Modlin is the chairman of the Press Service International Young Writer Leadership Group from the Sunshine Coast who served for four years in central Australia in an indigenous high school.  Sophia Sinclair won the Martk and Delma Tronson 2014 Basil Sellers Consistency Award and 2 nd in 2013 and served as editor of CMS NZ for several years.  Editors  Editorslooking for someone to write on a particular subject can check out these six or any of the 80 Christian writers / authors currently listed on C.A.R.D. Likewise anyone seeking further material for a bible study or wanting a particular angle can check out these Christians writers / authors.  Put your data on C.A.R.D.  Christian writers, experienced authors and/or editors – you can get your data onto C.A.R.D . – Email or phone Josh Hinds and his team (details below).  For information, Josh Hinds and his team can be contacted at: 61 (0)404627299 or at info@spiderstouch.com.au Sophia Sinclair is on C.A.R.D.  Dr Mark Tronson is a Baptist minister (retired) who served as the Australian cricket team chaplain for 17 years (2000 ret) and established Life After Cricket in 2001. He was recognised by the Olympic Ministry Medal in 2009 presented by Carl Lewis Olympian of the Century. He mentors young writers and has written 24 books, and enjoys writing. He is married to Delma, with four adult children and grand-children.  Mark Tronson's archive of articles can be viewed at http://www.pressserviceinternational.org/mark-tronson.html!@#english
Sangakkara joins Hobart Hurricanes!@#ESPNCricinfo: Kumar Sangakkara has signed with the Hobart Hurricanes for the 2015-16 BBL season. Sangakkara will join West Indies allrounder Darren Sammy as the overseas signings for the Hurricanes next summer after they missed out on reaching the semi-finals last season. “Kumar’s signing is not only huge for the Hobart Hurricanes but for the Big Bash League overall,” Hurricanes coach Damien Wright said. “There is no doubt that this is a really exciting signing for BBL05. “Kumar is not only an extremely talented batsman but also a leader which is also fantastic. With both Darren Sammy and Kumar joining our club and also many local favourites our members and fans will be in for a treat.” Sangakkara retired from one-day internationals after this year’s World Cup and has played 130 Tests, 404 ODIs and 56 T20 internationals for Sri Lanka. Sangakkara said he was excited to be joining the Hurricanes on a two-year deal. “The Big Bash League is a fun, exciting and family friendly league with a very high quality of cricket,” Sangakkara said. “There are so many great players involved and I am really looking forward to the challenge. “I have always loved Hobart when visiting with the Sri Lankan team, the people are friendly, the scenery is beautiful and I am looking forward to spending more time there and getting to see more of it.”!@#english
FICA warns against touring Pakistan!@#The attack on the Sri Lankan cricketers in Lahore has halted tours to Pakistan for more than six years –Getty Images The Federation of International Cricketers’ Association (FICA) has warned against international teams touring Pakistan, stating its security experts had said the “risk is unmanageable.” FICA’s statement came a day before Alistair Campbell, the Zimbabwe Cricket managing director, and security experts arrived in Pakistan to assess the security situation ahead of Zimbabwe’s limited-overs tour of the country later this month. They are due to play three ODIs and two T20 internationals in Lahore from 19 to 31 May, a tour that was announced last week. In return, Pakistan will tour Zimbabwe in August. “We are very concerned about the safety of players and any match officials who may be sent to Pakistan, should this tour go ahead,” Tony Irish, the FICA Executive Chairman, said. “The risk assessment that we have received from FICA’s security consultants is that an international tour to Pakistan remains an unacceptable risk and teams are advised against travelling there at present. Although we are sure that the Pakistan Cricket Board will do what they can regarding a security plan, our experts advise that the risk is unmanageable.” On 3 March 2009, gunmen had ambushed the vehicles transporting the Sri Lankan players and match officials to the Gaddafi Stadium in Lahore for the third day of the Test. Several players suffered injuries, while security personnel and civilians were killed, and as a result the match was abandoned and the tour called off. Ever since, Pakistan have had to play their home matches at offshore venues, primarily the UAE, as the ICC and other Full Members considered the country too much of a security risk.!@#english
Be ignited, or be gone!@#Delving deeper into the ALS challenge, the heady buzz simmered down after a month and, at its height, was only kept buoyant with frequent spells of celebrity participation One look at social media and society would seem blessed with knights clamouring for battle against humanity’s many problems. Last summer, our jowls drooped in disbelief at the sight of the world’s glitterati – from President Bush to even local cricketing stars – being doused in ice-cold water, all in the name of ALS. Thanksgiving or not, November is now associated with fertility – the season when chaps muster their strength to grow moustaches in exchange for good health. And, earlier last year, we were all struck by the wondrous effects of make-up when the fairer sex came clean on selfies in aid of cancer. No one disputes the runaway success of these social media campaigns. In fact, these self-deprecating acts have set cash registers ringing hysterically at the charities in question. The ice-bucket challenge, for instance, gushed out more than $100 million, an increase of 35 times compared to the year before. Brawn at its finest, Movember reaped $120 million in 2013, is now an annual ritual, and has received over five million Twitter mentions. Second to none, the #NoMakeupSelfie campaign raised over $12 million in just 6 days for Cancer Research UK. Does this surge in likes and tweets mean that we are now in sync with the issues that plague our communities? Are we now more passionate about making an impact in our own little way? Transient armchair passion Ironically, for all its financial success, the armchair passion that surrounds such social media activity is transient. Delving deeper into the ALS challenge, the heady buzz simmered down after a month and, at its height, was only kept buoyant with frequent spells of celebrity participation. Just like sliding down a giant snake in a snakes-and-ladders game, donations gradually tailed off to $30 per person (from a peak of $100) and Google searches for ALS are now back to pre-bucket levels. Given the strong element of self-publicity involved, it is also hard to dismiss claims that such campaigns pander to the attention-seeking and don’t necessarily foster long-term goodwill. There is no doubt that these marketing ploys have contributed immensely towards funding vital research. But is this the only support that we should expect from the general public? Are donations the be-all and end-all of everything? Although tapping a button online or uploading a picture on Instagram can raise awareness, it certainly does not ensure the continued survival of the charity’s vision. It doesn’t provide the necessary grey cells to determine future strategy; it doesn’t provide manpower to reach out to the down-trodden; and it certainly doesn’t provide the hearts to bring a cheer to the disadvantaged. Effort is key It may sound obvious. It may even sound preachy. But here’s the deal: the effort that you put in defines your passion towards a cause. No hurdle was ever struck down without its fair share of struggle, anguish, or danger. Mother Theresa, for instance, could not have made such a huge difference had she not roamed grubby areas of Calcutta in search of the poor, caressed the diseased, and lived a life devoid of comfort. Whilst this is certainly an extreme example, the case for toil could be made for every single person who has left an indelible mark on some social cause or another, be it Florence Nightingale, Muhammad Yunus, or Martin Luther King. Shouldn’t we be doing more? A Gallup poll calls us, Sri Lankans, one of the most generous people on earth. But, for a country beset with so many issues at so many different levels, shouldn’t we all be doing a tad more? Since there is no progress without sustained effort, it is important to pick causes that fire your belly and for which you can actively allocate time and energy to, ideally for the long-term. Such commitment could be as simple as penning an op-ed column, helping organise an event, or volunteering at a related lab or business venture. Not only would you make a tangible difference to the charitable foundation but you would also add key transferable skills to your own tool-kit. No one belittles the change that clicks and tweets can bring about; by all means, do help spread the word about nasty diseases. But, on its own, it would only make a teensy scratch in the universe. With the internet bringing us closer than ever before, the whole world is yours to contribute, make an impact and, hopefully, leave a lasting legacy. Movember or not, it is time to man up to some harsh realities! (The writer can be followed on www.nandu-rajagopala.com.)!@#english
!@#i have some knowledge in cricket betting i will try to send some best ideas!@#english
!@#Yes, I do like to bet on cricket as the IPL is going on..still working on that..!@#english
!@#I have a P. regalis roughly the size of yours which I recently transferred to a similarly sized enclosure a month or two ago. Here's my experience thus far... Biggest pro - Pokies grow fast and they spook easily, so the more room they have to run/grow into the better it is for both of you. Mine has taken full advantage of the size of the enclosure...He engineered this massive tube web that extends in a continuous L-shape from the uppermost top of the back left wall all the way to the bottom of the back right! Biggest con - As it is a bigger enclosure, it does take a bit longer than usual for the T to happen across his dinner especially since he doesn't wander too far from his web (at least during the day). I usually toss in an extra cricket or two to improve his chances. For a pokie, I think a bigger enclosure would be preferable to smaller. I say go for it!!@#english
!@#Originally Posted by El Consciente I have a P. regalis roughly the size of yours which I recently transferred to a similarly sized enclosure a month or two ago. Here's my experience thus far... Biggest pro - Pokies grow fast and they spook easily, so the more room they have to run/grow into the better it is for both of you. Mine has taken full advantage of the size of the enclosure...He engineered this massive tube web that extends in a continuous L-shape from the uppermost top of the back left wall all the way to the bottom of the back right! Biggest con - As it is a bigger enclosure, it does take a bit longer than usual for the T to happen across his dinner especially since he doesn't wander too far from his web (at least during the day). I usually toss in an extra cricket or two to improve his chances. For a pokie, I think a bigger enclosure would be preferable to smaller. I say go for it! Thanks for the advise!! It really helped with my desision. I am probably going to rehouse it tomorrow afternoon!@#english
Brachypelma Smithi juvenile!@#Got this juvenile just short of 3 weeks ago. He/she is refusing to eat anything though. I know fine this is typical tarantula behaviour but this is the first time I've ever owned a juvenile. Is it normal for them to run away from a cricket? I owned an adult G Rosea before and if that wasn't hungry it just completely ignored the crickets. Could just be in premolt I suppose.!@#english
!@#That's a large cricket may try pre killing cricket or try smaller cricket. I agree with horanjp its plump give it time and offer it food each week as long as it has water it will survive a long while. It may just be intimidated by larger crickets. Offer smaller prey or prekilled . If you don't have many spiders you can try meal worms until it starts eating again they store for a long time in the refrigearator. Be sure to crush there heads before feeding to spider don't want a meal worm going under ground then chomping on a molting spider down the road. Having mealworms saves on crickets around here the price has gone up to 14 cents apiece for crickets. Once they start eating again then I buy crickets.!@#english
!@#Posted Today, 07:03 AM Ok- I just must have missed the threads you posted about the golf, cricket, etc and only read the Muslim ones.!@#english
!@#Posted Today, 07:19 AM calvin plummers socks, on 06 May 2015 - 07:03 AM, said: Ok- I just must have missed the threads you posted about the golf, cricket, etc and only read the Muslim ones. So it's ok to do this then ?!@#english
!@#Posted Today, 08:03 AM  calvin plummers socks, on 06 May 2015 - 07:03 AM, said: Ok- I just must have missed the threads you posted about the golf, cricket, etc and only read the Muslim ones. The Lanour Party aren't campaigning at Golf Clubs, my thread was about a major political party on the eve of a general election being involved with these segregated, gender apartheid public meetings.!@#english
!@#Hello Guys, Another update/question. So the wheel arrived, and I was super excited. Unfortunately neither Kaiya or Omeo use it They've also got a slew of toys , little rings they can pull off, monkeys, foraging toys with a tiny freeze dried meal worm, tunnels and a basic with lost of little plastic balls to jump in. I've given it several days now. AND still nothing. Neither of them play with the toys or try the wheel. I've had them in my care for 2.5 weeks now and all they do is sleep I've noticed the male has put on a bit of weight already, but not in a good way. The vet had already said they were both at a healthy weight when I brought them in and now he's a bit chubby, chubbier then her and she's preggo. It's especially noticeable when I play with Ollie and Loki who are both extremely active and much slimmer. How can I get these two to exercise, stretch those muscles, play a bit. It sadden's me to here all of these stories about how active everyone's gliders are, and even just hearing Loki and Ollie up all night. Lastly, Kaiya doesn't seem to be eating much. She is eating crickets now, but she waits for Omeo to be done eating before she goes to get food Sometimes Omeo has already finished everything. I've tried with separated dishes and have hers up hanging and his lower but still she waits. If he notices her eating he automatically runs to her dishes and pushes her out of the way . funny she used to do the same to him but now he's chubby and she's got a joey in pouch!@#english
!@#Quote: : But that is unique to being based in ANC for Alaska. For May, I will only be gone for 5 nights, with 78 hours of pay. All in all, this is a great retirement job--but I would not have wanted to do it for 30 years. Galt, This Quote: is important because Cricket is based where he lives. The key to maximizing your time at home is find an airline/corporate/135 gig based where you want to live. Or find a job like NetJets that does home basing...i.e. they buy you an airline ticket from your home to the plane then buy you a ticket home at the end of your rotation. Its the commuting that can take a huge chunk out of you "at home" time. Quote: : FWIW, I found old squadron mates, some of whom I had not spoken to in 15+ years, to be incredibly gracious about info and a letter of recommendation. I also was able to find a lot of folks I didn't realize were hired somewhere. Huge resource Everyone hired in the industry knows how the game is played. I didn't have one email go unanswered. Good luck! Amen! You'd be surprised how many people you've flown with in the military are where you want to be. Some may even be Chief Pilots/Check Airmen. Their recommendations will carry even more weight. Don't limit your options to just the airlines, either. There are lots of great flying jobs out there. They may not pay as much, but after a full military career you're not going to be a wide body Captain making the mega bucks anyway. Assume the top of the ladder for you will be narrow body Captain and compare your other options with that level. Best of luck in your 2nd career!!@#english
Feeding Accurately!@#It has been covered recently for people having issues feeding a short line by hand accurately. I don't struggle with this, I have always been good at throwing, played cricket rugby darts etc. However, I feel my youth obviously missed out with catapult practice as I am awful with one. When I try feed 8mm pellets they will generally land on water (no where near my intending target.) Is it just practice or can you give me some tips? Being using preston pellet pult.!@#english
!@#I'm saying, There like the best of both worlds, Docile and enormous lol. Here is a pic I took yesterday night. I'm guessing the delivery took a lot out of her because as soon as I dropped a prekilled cricket she literally swallowed it. She hasn't left the borrow so I don't know exactly how much she has!@#english
*Official* English Football Season 2014-15 - Page 501!@#What a game. ​63* Reply With Quote: Today, 03:00 PM #7502 Uppercut Cricket Web: All-Time Legend Tournaments Won: 1 Join Date Jul 2008 Location . Posts 24,207 Yeah so good. I don't think there were any tactics Pep could've used to get a result here, the difference in quality between the two forward lines is just too big. They completely panicked at 1-0 though. Even at 2-0, overturning that deficit at home isn't unusual at all. They're behind, but still completely in the game, there's no need to commit everyone forward. Winds me up when teams treat first legs as if they're a whole game. Like when they're winning 1-0 away and decline a counter at the end to take the ball into the corner, it's as stupid as doing that just before half-time in a league match. Originally Posted by indiaholic Ireland on the other hand are everything that is good and just and beautiful in this world. Reply With Quote: Today, 03:09 PM #7503 Cabinet96 International Coach Join Date Sep 2011 Location London, England Posts 12,693 Was Arsenalesq. That said, I doubt they'd have overturned 2-0. One Barca goal and they need 4. Messi though. RIP Philip Hughes - 1988-2014 Founder and Grand Wizard of the CW Football Thread Statluminati. Potential hater of abilities. Blocked on twitter by Michael Vaughan, Brad McNamara and AtlCricket for my hard hitting truths. Reply With Quote: Today, 03:14 PM #7504 Furball Cricket Web: All-Time Legend Join Date Jul 2008 Location #banwindieweathers Posts 21,602 2-0's one of those interesting deficits where if you score early in the 2nd leg and get the crowd and momentum behind you the away team can hust crumble. Utterly dreadful punditry from Redknapp and Henry. Questioning Lahm in midfield was ****ing laughable and I don't agree with the criticism of 3 at the back either. Reply With Quote: !@#english
!@#Bernat was ****ing shocking as well. Utterly dreadful in possession. Reply With Quote: Today, 03:20 PM #7506 Furball Cricket Web: All-Time Legend Join Date Jul 2008 Location #banwindieweathers Posts 21,602 Hard to understate how much of a difference Suarez has made IMO. I rate Guardiola's first side the highest and a lot of that was dow to Eto'o IMO; Suarez is probably the closest thing in world football to Eto'o from 6 years ago. Reply With Quote: Today, 03:28 PM #7507 Uppercut Cricket Web: All-Time Legend Tournaments Won: 1 Join Date Jul 2008 Location . Posts 24,207 Originally Posted by Furball 2-0's one of those interesting deficits where if you score early in the 2nd leg and get the crowd and momentum behind you the away team can hust crumble. Yeah not like they have to think too hard for an example, it happened in the previous round. Playing away from home in Europe can be really difficult. How was it Neville described it? "You think you're in control then the roof falls in". Always a long shot though, given their injuries and Barca's form. Reply With Quote: Today, 03:29 PM #7508 Cabinet96 Sep 2011 Location London, England Posts 12,693 Bernat and Thiago were surprisingly poor. Lewandowski was isolated. In the end it's all Messi though. Bloke completed 10 take ons and 3 through balls to Bayern's 3 and 0 respectively. Got the two goals, created the other with a perfectly weighted pass. Against what was still an impressive defensive unit, on the biggest stage. GOAT. Reply With Quote: Today, 03:37 PM #7509 Uppercut Cricket Web: All-Time Legend Tournaments Won: 1 Join Date Jul 2008 Location . Posts 24,207 They just desperately lacked pace. My rant yesterday comparing fast-dribbler front threes with other high-quality attacks could have been written about tonight's game. It was so frustrating how often they brilliantly worked triangles to work space for Alonso in the middle of the park, and he'd look up to see nobody running in behind. Barcelona always had those runs happening, Busquets even played Alba in behind at one point. Reply With Quote: Today, 04:06 PM #7510 flibbertyjibber Dec 2009 Location Mrs Miggins pie shop Posts 12,832 Originally Posted by Furball FA told Graham Taylor not to pick ?too many? black players for England | Football | The Guardian So this is potentially explosive. All you can say to that is WOW. Big can of worms there. Reply With Quote: Today, 04:21 PM #7511 Uppercut Cricket Web: All-Time Legend Tournaments Won: 1 Join Date Jul 2008 Location . Posts 24,207 Is that supposed to be surprising? Does no one remember the types of people who were in charge at the FA at that time? I mean, come on. As if some deeply conservative 80-year-olds during the 1990s might have been a bit racist. Last edited by Uppercut; Today at 04:23 PM . Reply With Quote: Today, 04:36 PM #7512 Cabinet96 International Coach!@#english
Five reasons on why Royal Challengers Bangalore tumble while crossing the last hurdle!@#RCB (File photo) criclife.com Royal Challengers Bangalore (RCB) have a plethora of superstars from world cricket in the form of Chris Gayle, AB de Villiers, Virat Kohli, Mitchell Starc, etc. It’s a franchise that has showered dollars on their players and has played some of the most exciting cricket in the Indian Premier League (IPL), however they fail to cross the last hurdle and make it to the play-offs. With a side like theirs, a win should only be a formality but the hard fact is that they haven’t qualified to the play-offs in the last three editions and with just five games remaining they are currently placed fifth in the points table. Their defeat against Chennai Super Kings (CSK) on Monday can be considered as a ‘choke’ in cricketing terms. Despite of having all ingredients intact the RCB side has disappointed their fans over the years. Suraj Choudhari mentions five possible reasons on why RCB has failed as a unit in the IPL. 1. Lack of planning The best way to predict a future is to create it. Lack of planning has been one of the pivotal reasons behind RCB’s failure. A plan is always essential for a team to succeed and who better than CSK knows it. The Chennai side has been the most successful IPL unit because their players know their roles and responsibilities on the field. RCB players don’t seem to be aware of the same and tend to flounder. They seem to go with the flow. For instance, AB de Villiers for first few matches this season batted at no.5 and he is inarguably the best player in the side. De Villiers has an uncanny knack of snatching improbable victories from the imminent jaws of defeat, but he failed to do so as he never got enough time to perform the task. Because of lack of planning, they panic at end moments. In Daniel Vettori, they have one of the sharpest cricket brains as the Head Coach, so that’s even more baffling. Either they plan poor or just lose the plot while executing. 2. Bank heavily on overseas players RCB has banked massively on overseas stars to bail them out on most of the occasions. They are heavily reliant on Chris Gayle, AB de Villiers and Mitchell Starc to win them matches on a consistent basis. When chasing a big score, the side looks at Gayle to provide starts and if he fails, the morale goes down. Their fortunes changed this season, only after the arrival of Starc. Till then they leaked runs. 3.Bowling adversity Twenty20 (T20) is a game of uncertainties and none of the bowlers can afford to put a foot wrong as they are always under the pump. RCB’s bowling never inspired confidence. In the recent times, domestic bowlers like Harshal Patel and Yuzvendra Chahal have bowled well but it’s at Starc they look at to deliver. In crunch situations, a side must have at least two bowlers at their disposal that the skipper can turn to but RCB bowlers don’t seem to inspire that confidence. The equilibrium between the quality of bowlers and batsmen at their command is uneven. On the contrary, they never had an impactful all-rounder. They will hope David Wiese fulfils that role. 4. Failure to absorb pressure and bank on individual brilliance Kohli is one of the best batsmen in pressure situations and over the years he has proved so in international cricket, so it’s sort of strange that he hasn’t been able to inspire the side with his attributes. While sides like CSK or Mumbai Indians, have a knack of pulling crunch matches in their favour, RCB have more often crumbled under pressure. Another reason is reliance on individual brilliances. At the end of the day, it’s a team game and RCB more often look for their particular in form star to bail them out. A knock-out game demands temperament and persistence and RCB players haven’t done well on that front. In most seasons, they falter in must-win pressure games. They have also made it to the IPL final on two occasions and CLT20 once. They choked on all occasions. 5. Over reliant on home conditions Over the years, sides like Kolkata Knight Riders (KKR) and CSK have made use of the home conditions to their best effect. It’s always smart to use home conditions to the side’s best effect but even without qualifying for the play-offs, a side plays half their games away from home and there has to be a strategy in place while playing outside. RCB rely heavily on their strong batting line-up to do the job in a batting friendly Bangalore. In 2013 season RCB won seven home games and only managed two victories in their away matches. In the end, it’s about clicking as a unit and RCB are a bunch of strong individuals who haven’t shown their prowess as a team on consistent basis. If they have their bases covered they might probably taste success and win their maiden IPL title in this ongoing season. ( Suraj Choudhari , an avid cricket follower who plays the sport at club level, is a staffer with Criclife)!@#english
The British Politics Thread - Page 315!@#Bbc2, people Reply With Quote: Today, 02:08 PM #4712 Furball Cricket Web: All-Time Legend Join Date Jul 2008 Location #banwindieweathers Posts 21,602 sledger Captions? Official: Osbourne is a ****ing ****. ​63* Reply With Quote: Today, 02:44 PM #4713 Uppercut Cricket Web: All-Time Legend Tournaments Won: 1 Join Date Jul 2008 Location . Posts 24,207 GIMH Bbc2, people Electionwipe? Hope it's on iPlayer soon, Bayern-Barca was unmissable. indiaholic Ireland on the other hand are everything that is good and just and beautiful in this world. Reply With Quote: Today, 02:53 PM #4714 cpr International Coach Join Date Dec 2004 Location #BantheGLC Posts 10,624 GIMH Disagree. A deadline is a deadline. Maybe, but if something is important enough to whinge to the press about, do it earlier or accept the fact that you, like most other people, are going to ignore the huge amount of time you have to get things done and overload a system on the last minute because of your laziness, thus increasing the risk of things not going through. The other option is to bring forward the deadline, and get whinged at by the public for needing so long to process stuff, because they dont appreciate how everyone leaves it. Happened so much in the revenue with the tax returns. People have 9 months to do it then whinge they can't get through on the phone on the last day to ask how to do it. Whilst we were staffed to handle an even spread with a peak at the end, the reality was months of staff doing **** all then a call volume at the end where we'd need 10x as many staff (despite dragging every spare body in) to handle the volume. public = morons, essentially "All are lunatics, but he who can analyze his delusions is called a philosopher." - Ambrose Bierce Langeveldt: I of course blame their parents.. and unchecked immigration! GingerFurball: He's Austrian, they tend to produce the odd ****ed up individual Burgey: Be careful dealing with neighbours whose cars don't have wheels but whose houses do. Uppercut: Maybe I just need better strippers Reply With Quote: !@#english
!@# Uppercut Electionwipe? Hope it's on iPlayer soon, Bayern-Barca was unmissable. Yeah. Pretty good Bought my season ticket for next season earlier. And so ended my interest in football until late July Reply With Quote: Today, 03:10 PM #4716 cpr 2004 Location #BantheGLC Posts 10,624 They still make you pay at amateur level? Reply With Quote: Today, 03:30 PM #4717 Furball Cricket Web: All-Time Legend Join Date Jul 2008 Location #banwindieweathers Posts 21,602 vic_orthdox Is there any other reason to back away from a coalition with the SNP (for either Tories or Labour) than the fact that they're Scots? One of the captions from cassetteboy's latest mash up says it all: Westminster Parties unite to tell Scotland we're better together as long as Scotland shuts the hell up and doesn't expect its democratically elected MPs to have a say in anything. Reply With Quote: Today, 03:31 PM #4718 GIMH Eternal Optimist / Cricket Web Staff Member Join Date Dec 2005 Location Chasing Yesterday Posts 51,002 cpr They still make you pay at amateur level? £306 Reply With Quote: Today, 04:19 PM #4719 flibbertyjibber 2009 Location Mrs Miggins pie shop Posts 12,832 Well thank god all the hype and bollocks is over. Trouble is we have no clue what will happen come Friday when the results are in. God knows what bunch of cretins we will be stuck with this time. Reply With Quote: Today, 04:31 PM #4720 cpr International Coach!@#english
!@#Bernat was ****ing shocking as well. Utterly dreadful in possession. Reply With Quote: Today, 03:20 PM #7506 Furball Cricket Web: All-Time Legend Join Date Jul 2008 Location #banwindieweathers Posts 21,602 Hard to understate how much of a difference Suarez has made IMO. I rate Guardiola's first side the highest and a lot of that was dow to Eto'o IMO; Suarez is probably the closest thing in world football to Eto'o from 6 years ago. Reply With Quote: Today, 03:28 PM #7507 Uppercut Cricket Web: All-Time Legend Tournaments Won: 1 Join Date Jul 2008 Location . Posts 24,207 Furball 2-0's one of those interesting deficits where if you score early in the 2nd leg and get the crowd and momentum behind you the away team can hust crumble. Yeah not like they have to think too hard for an example, it happened in the previous round. Playing away from home in Europe can be really difficult. How was it Neville described it? "You think you're in control then the roof falls in". Always a long shot though, given their injuries and Barca's form. Reply With Quote: Today, 03:29 PM #7508 Cabinet96 International Coach Join Date Sep 2011 Location London, England Posts 12,693 Bernat and Thiago were surprisingly poor. Lewandowski was isolated. In the end it's all Messi though. Bloke completed 10 take ons and 3 through balls to Bayern's 3 and 0 respectively. Got the two goals, created the other with a perfectly weighted pass. Against what was still an impressive defensive unit, on the biggest stage. GOAT. Reply With Quote: Today, 03:37 PM #7509 Uppercut Cricket Web: All-Time Legend Tournaments Won: 1 Join Date Jul 2008 Location . Posts 24,207 They just desperately lacked pace. My rant yesterday comparing fast-dribbler front threes with other high-quality attacks could have been written about tonight's game. It was so frustrating how often they brilliantly worked triangles to work space for Alonso in the middle of the park, and he'd look up to see nobody running in behind. Barcelona always had those runs happening, Busquets even played Alba in behind at one point. Reply With Quote: Today, 04:06 PM #7510 flibbertyjibber 2009 Location Mrs Miggins pie shop Posts 12,832 Furball FA told Graham Taylor not to pick ?too many? black players for England | Football | The Guardian So this is potentially explosive. All you can say to that is WOW. Big can of worms there. Reply With Quote: Today, 04:21 PM #7511 Uppercut Cricket Web: All-Time Legend Tournaments Won: 1 Join Date Jul 2008 Location . Posts 24,207 Is that supposed to be surprising? Does no one remember the types of people who were in charge at the FA at that time? I mean, come on. As if some deeply conservative 80-year-olds during the 1990s might have been a bit racist. Last edited by Uppercut; Today at 04:23 PM . Reply With Quote: Today, 04:36 PM #7512 Cabinet96 International Coach!@#english
*Official* English Football Season 2014-15 - Page 501!@#What a game. ​63* Reply With Quote: Today, 03:00 PM #7502 Uppercut Cricket Web: All-Time Legend Tournaments Won: 1 Join Date Jul 2008 Location . Posts 24,207 Yeah so good. I don't think there were any tactics Pep could've used to get a result here, the difference in quality between the two forward lines is just too big. They completely panicked at 1-0 though. Even at 2-0, overturning that deficit at home isn't unusual at all. They're behind, but still completely in the game, there's no need to commit everyone forward. Winds me up when teams treat first legs as if they're a whole game. Like when they're winning 1-0 away and decline a counter at the end to take the ball into the corner, it's as stupid as doing that just before half-time in a league match. indiaholic Ireland on the other hand are everything that is good and just and beautiful in this world. Reply With Quote: Today, 03:09 PM #7503 Cabinet96 International Coach Join Date Sep 2011 Location London, England Posts 12,693 Was Arsenalesq. That said, I doubt they'd have overturned 2-0. One Barca goal and they need 4. Messi though. RIP Philip Hughes - 1988-2014 Founder and Grand Wizard of the CW Football Thread Statluminati. Potential hater of abilities. Blocked on twitter by Michael Vaughan, Brad McNamara and AtlCricket for my hard hitting truths. Reply With Quote: Today, 03:14 PM #7504 Furball Cricket Web: All-Time Legend Join Date Jul 2008 Location #banwindieweathers Posts 21,602 2-0's one of those interesting deficits where if you score early in the 2nd leg and get the crowd and momentum behind you the away team can hust crumble. Utterly dreadful punditry from Redknapp and Henry. Questioning Lahm in midfield was ****ing laughable and I don't agree with the criticism of 3 at the back either. Reply With Quote: !@#english
!@# Pratters I don't agree with giving justice after years, really. Justice delayed is justice denied and it is unfair on the person convicted as well. If Sanjay Dutt was given a proper jail term ages back, he could have served his term and then lived his life. But he lived his life, and then served his term. Edit: I'm not disagreeing with the first sentence of your post. But I don't think it's particularly unfair on the person convicted. Last edited by weldone; Today at 03:44 PM . " I want to raise my hand and say one thing. Those who complain about my love for the game or commitment to the game are clueless. These are the only 2 areas where I give myself 100 out of 100. " - Sachin Tendulkar, as told in an interview published in Bengali newspaper Anandabazar Patrika after his 100th International century (translated by weldone) Reply With Quote: Today, 03:46 PM #1596 Pratters Cricket Web: All-Time Legend!@#english
!@#Anybody? *crickets* "Bueller? Bueller? Bueller?"!@#english
The British Politics Thread - Page 315!@#Bbc2, people Reply With Quote: Today, 02:08 PM #4712 Furball Cricket Web: All-Time Legend Join Date Jul 2008 Location #banwindieweathers Posts 21,602 Originally Posted by sledger Captions? Official: Osbourne is a ****ing ****. ​63* Reply With Quote: Today, 02:44 PM #4713 Uppercut Cricket Web: All-Time Legend Tournaments Won: 1 Join Date Jul 2008 Location . Posts 24,207 Originally Posted by GIMH Bbc2, people Electionwipe? Hope it's on iPlayer soon, Bayern-Barca was unmissable. Originally Posted by indiaholic Ireland on the other hand are everything that is good and just and beautiful in this world. Reply With Quote: Today, 02:53 PM #4714 cpr International Coach Join Date Dec 2004 Location #BantheGLC Posts 10,624 Originally Posted by GIMH Disagree. A deadline is a deadline. Maybe, but if something is important enough to whinge to the press about, do it earlier or accept the fact that you, like most other people, are going to ignore the huge amount of time you have to get things done and overload a system on the last minute because of your laziness, thus increasing the risk of things not going through. The other option is to bring forward the deadline, and get whinged at by the public for needing so long to process stuff, because they dont appreciate how everyone leaves it. Happened so much in the revenue with the tax returns. People have 9 months to do it then whinge they can't get through on the phone on the last day to ask how to do it. Whilst we were staffed to handle an even spread with a peak at the end, the reality was months of staff doing **** all then a call volume at the end where we'd need 10x as many staff (despite dragging every spare body in) to handle the volume. public = morons, essentially "All are lunatics, but he who can analyze his delusions is called a philosopher." - Ambrose Bierce Langeveldt: I of course blame their parents.. and unchecked immigration! GingerFurball: He's Austrian, they tend to produce the odd ****ed up individual Burgey: Be careful dealing with neighbours whose cars don't have wheels but whose houses do. Uppercut: Maybe I just need better strippers Reply With Quote: !@#english
!@# Uppercut Electionwipe? Hope it's on iPlayer soon, Bayern-Barca was unmissable. Yeah. Pretty good Bought my season ticket for next season earlier. And so ended my interest in football until late July Reply With Quote: Today, 03:10 PM #4716 cpr International Coach Join Date Dec 2004 Location #BantheGLC Posts 10,624 They still make you pay at amateur level? Reply With Quote: Today, 03:30 PM #4717 Furball Cricket Web: All-Time Legend Join Date Jul 2008 Location #banwindieweathers Posts 21,602 vic_orthdox Is there any other reason to back away from a coalition with the SNP (for either Tories or Labour) than the fact that they're Scots? One of the captions from cassetteboy's latest mash up says it all: Westminster Parties unite to tell Scotland we're better together as long as Scotland shuts the hell up and doesn't expect its democratically elected MPs to have a say in anything. Reply With Quote: Today, 03:31 PM #4718 GIMH Eternal Optimist / Cricket Web Staff Member Join Date Dec 2005 Location Chasing Yesterday Posts 51,002 cpr They still make you pay at amateur level? £306 Reply With Quote: Today, 04:19 PM #4719 flibbertyjibber International Coach Join Date Dec 2009 Location Mrs Miggins pie shop Posts 12,832 Well thank god all the hype and bollocks is over. Trouble is we have no clue what will happen come Friday when the results are in. God knows what bunch of cretins we will be stuck with this time. Reply With Quote: Today, 04:31 PM #4720 cpr International Coach!@#english
!@#NP bounced then dropped, aus$ gone up not down even after rates dropped to 100year lows. What will be the aus$ if rates go up n inflation hits 2016, so rise in NP will ofset the rise in aus$. so as ive said mNy times...you get back to cop aisc expenses, this is what makesthe profit. Aisc of 2.20 Sswan to Bswan aisc 2.80 W to lienster aisc 3.30 W to Bswan all 40%-60% profit margins now, why wait when np in aus$ terms wont change much with NP even at 7.50uslb? The margin wont change much. so announce the jinchuan offtake now, may take 8 months to get up like the bhp offtake has, so just announce it,. Funding debt or CR doesnt matter, done deal. What we need is production not mothballs n crickets chirping. NP spiking to dec means get ready now, announce now. Release those witheld drill results n hidden jorc for LJ MHs n Sswan n G shoot. Release those secret DFSs x 3 n the BFS at LJ. NP at 7.50 n aus$ at 93c same result, no change, so no point, then we get back to expense control again just where we are now.!@#english
!@#It would have been a good decision if we went in with 5 bowlers from the start if trying to win was the reason. When your going in with 8 batsmen it is obvious you want noting but a draw. Its also true that Imrul Kayes doesnt have the technique to survive swing bowling for long. If that was the case ie fear of getting out cheaply then this decision is just like the decisions our captains made 15 years ago with fear of playing test cricket. I believe Mushfiq needs to be removed from captaincy ASAP. If he really has this defeatist mindset then I fear nothing in the world can change that and will only hurt our chances of ever winning a test match. Shakib may have issues with trusting some players because of poor performances in the past but he actually does have the right frame of mind ie winning attitude. I still think Tamim would make a much better captain. He will make mistakes but will learn from them which Mushfiq apparently has failed to do.!@#english
!@#Quote: : OI was really Angry at Mushy when I heard that he chose to bowl first. I still think batting first would be a better decision, but as I think of the day's precedings, Mushy was pretty unlucky with the decision too. This was possibly a 50/50 situation kind of pitch, with the decision of Toss. I liked some of the justifications Opi Gave in favor of Mushy. 1) There was grass and enough moisture in the pitch, so it was expected to get reasonable assistance by the seamers . 2) The older the pitch gets, it gets better and better to bat, as the pitch report also said and Ashraful also agrees, although Ashraful is also against bowling first. Then, during the match bowlers actually created enough opportunities to take wickets, that to some extent justifies Mushy's decision, A few things went against us that could justify Mushy's decision, had those been not gone against us, Pak could be in trouble and we would be in a much better position in the match, like: 1) Losing Shahadat after 2 balls, was clearly a huge set back, who was expected to make a few breakthrough using the pitch conditions, so that upset the decision of the captain to bowl first. 2) Yet two of our wicket taking deliveries were found to be No Balls, after catches were taken. 3) Mominul Missing The Catch at leg slip was fairly easy. 4) Keeper, Mushy himself probably slipped one So if you have a look at all these, you might feel that it's not that much the decision after toss to bowl, but our indisciplined bowling & fielding has laid us down. Mehrab Hossain Opi: For Bowling First http://youtu.be/ZJrWSEUVfF4 Mohammad Ashraful: For Batting First http://youtu.be/b7yTjJRkoik ...?? The bold part cannot be clear justification because those were of spinners chances. Those would be there even if we bowl second. Has nothing to do with grass or moisture. At any rate, one can not add the tangibles of making Pak team full of unfit and old players, field under the hot and humid sun for two days first. Take their will out of the game. Just wanting to get out of this place and go home. You impose our will. Take out any notion of losing by batting 5 sessions. The patient 1st test start would have been ideal. When the opposition knows they can't win the succumb automatically. Their spirit wasn't that high before the second test. Does one need a CRICKETING degree for this to know? +++ Who knows, may be Rajib don't get hurt?!@#english
!@#Quote: : At any rate, one can not add the tangibles of making Pak team full of unfit and old players, field under the hot and humid sun for two days first. Take their will out of the game. Just wanting to get out of this place and go home. You impose our will. Take out any notion of losing by batting 5 sessions. The patient 1st test start would have been ideal. When the opposition knows they can't win the succumb automatically. Their spirit wasn't that high before the second test. Does one need a CRICKETING degree for this to know? +++ That should have been the ideal thought by our think tank. This could have taken us to a winning position. I don't know why he did, may be only Mushy can clarify this issue why he chose to bat... .. I'm sure this test will teach the team management a few basic lessons of cricket, what not to do. But still I think we may draw the match, if we do, then the boys will have to show some outstanding quality. It's gonna be pretty hard to bat the way they batted in last test match. Mushy has to step up, I don't know if he can. Can't expect Tamim to score everyday. I'm scared of having more injuries .. Will will be lucky to not have any.!@#english
!@#Don't worry guys, despite a severely wrong selection, I think this test is also going towards draw. Expect a lot of flat pitch chest thumping. Pakistan didn't score a lot, tomorrow they may bat untill Tea and again pike up something close to 550 and declare or be all out before that too ... Bangladesh will match them with the bat. There will be no result here too ... But yes, our selectors really need to gear up their thought process for the test cricket.!@#english
!@#Quote: : ^^why blame the selectors? Abul is sitting on the bench, it was coach/captain's choice not to pick him. Or was it imposed upon them from the top? We have a culture of top down dictation to take the credits when things go well. That's pretty much engraved, so I won't rule that out. Haven't seen haturi making such basic mistakes when in bad times and generally top remains away from suggesting in bad times. Now when the team is doing well in every situation, they think they can do anything and things will be ok & they will claim... "See I told you to do this and we have achieved this..." Becomes a great cricketing brain overnight, at the cost of hardworking people who turned the tide I can't see Haturi and Mushy doing such basic mistakes... These can only come from people not aware of cricket as much.!@#english
FICA warns against touring Pakistan!@#From cricinfo The Federation of International Cricketers' Association (FICA) has warned against international teams touring Pakistan, stating its security experts had said the "risk is unmanageable." FICA's statement came a day before Alistair Campbell, the Zimbabwe Cricket managing director, and security experts arrived in Pakistan to assess the security situation ahead of Zimbabwe's limited-overs tour of the country later this month. They are due to play three ODIs and two T20 internationals in Lahore from May 19 to 31, a tour that was announced last week. In return, Pakistan will tour Zimbabwe in August. "We are very concerned about the safety of players and any match officials who may be sent to Pakistan, should this tour go ahead," Tony Irish, the FICA executive chairman, said. "The risk assessment that we have received from FICA's security consultants is that an international tour to Pakistan remains an unacceptable risk and teams are advised against travelling there at present. Although we are sure that the Pakistan Cricket Board will do what they can regarding a security plan, our experts advise that the risk is unmanageable." On March 3, 2009, gunmen had ambushed the vehicles transporting the Sri Lankan players and match officials to the Gaddafi Stadium in Lahore for the third day of the Test. Several players suffered injuries, while security personnel and civilians were killed, and as a result the match was abandoned and the tour called off. Ever since, Pakistan have had to play their home matches at offshore venues, primarily the UAE, as the ICC and other Full Members considered the country too much of a security risk. http://www.espncricinfo.com/pakistan...ry/871257.html!@#english
!@#I dont know why that don't work in preview> http://www.routerforums.com/finishin...tml#post633370 But now everything works fine. Cricket likes this. Craft art Scroll Saw DominikPierog is online now Quote: Quick Reply post #7 of 7 ( permalink ) Unread Today, 07:05 PM RainMan1 Registered User Join Date: May 2014 Country: Canada First Name: Rick Posts: 3,558 View RainMan1's Uploads Thanks Dan , this is the first time I've successfully down it!@#english
Points of View: Should brands bid adieu to Salman Khan?!@#In Marketing | May 07, 2015 As the actor's PR machinery is at work dealing with the negative press his conviction in the hit-and-run case has generated, we wonder what happens to the brands he endorses. The popularity and good press earned by a celebrity brand endorser brings a lot of credibility to the brands he/she endorses. But what happens if a brand ambassador gets caught in a web of bad press and social media comments? In the wake of actor Salman Khan's conviction in the hit-and-run case, we try to figure out whether brands try to play safe when their endorsers are in the news for unpleasant reasons.  With Rs. 400-500 crore riding on Khan (movies and endorsements), the court verdict could be a big blow to the brands that have stood by him so far. These include beverage giant Thums Up, Chlormint, Suzuki Motorcycles , Revital, Astral Poly Technik, Yatra.com, Wheel and Splash. Other than his movies and the brands he endorses, Khan also has his own clothing line - Being Human, and has been, till recently, the host of popular reality show, 'Bigg Boss' on Colors.  Some of the movies the actor has in the pipeline include 'Prem Ratan Dhan Payo' (Rajshri Productions), 'Bajrangi Bhaijaan' (Salman Khan Films and Rockline Entertainment) and 'Shuddhi' (Dharma Productions).  Can brands stand to lose if they continue to stand by him or should they look for a more credible face to endorse their products? afaqs! talks to brand consultants to understand how this development affects the brands Khan endorses and how they should deal with the situation.  Samit Sinha, founder, Alchemist Brand Consulting  Whenever you are signing on a celebrity and putting investment behind him/her, you expect him/her to carry the brand image on his/her shoulders. In that case, you are taking a huge risk because the brand's fortune can fluctuate with the celebrity's fortune - it could be anything like a scandal (Tiger Woods) or an untimely demise. Brands can sometimes hedge their bet by not being dependent on one celebrity, like Lux. Typically, if there is a big scandal associated with a celebrity and public opinion turns negative towards him, then the best thing to do is to drop the association as quickly as possible and pull out the ad.  Having said that, I would suggest the brands being endorsed by Salman to wait and watch out for public opinion. If they dump him, the decision may backfire - people may not like the brand for not sticking by him in time of his trouble. Just because one is sentenced to prison doesn't mean the public will turn against him. Look at Sanjay Dutt, for example. He has spent a lot of his recent time in jail, but he is loved by many in the country. Sometimes, you may be a legal offender, but still people may see you as a hero. It can also generate sympathy. Salman has only been convicted now; the perpetration of the act happened long back. He got a fair amount of bad publicity even then, but he carried on. His movies have been blockbusters and are loved.  Shubho Sengupta, independent brand consultant  With high-risk stars like Salman Khan, brands do have Plan B always in place. This is not the 90s where stars like Amitabh Bachchan associate with brands and there is an element of trust involved. Now, brands have legal contracts in place to help them wade through any controversy or issue. In India, where Bollywood and cricket is a religion, stars from these fraternities have mass appeal and people tend to forgive them.  A majority of Khan fans or followers who consume the products he endorses care much about what he has done 10 years back. This will be discussed on social media for three days and will fade away. India is a very insensitive country, where incidents like 'black buck' and 'hit-and-run case' keep happening and people tend to forget them. I might sound cynical, but because of this conviction the brands Khan endorses will be talked about more.  Ramanujam Sridhar, CEO, Brand-Comm  Salman Khan, in my opinion, does not have universal appeal. There are certain audiences, probably from SEC C, D and E, to whom his films directly cater to. He's not Aamir Khan who tries to do different roles and whose fan following is more skewed towards SEC A of the population. The brands associated with him are fully aware of the controversies surrounding him, which, at times, also give the brand enough visibility. I don't see a Lux Cozi pulling out from the deal, unlike what Nike did with Tiger Woods. But, an international brand like Suzuki might consider revisiting its decision to continue with Khan, as the association is fairly new and international brands usually have certain guidelines when it comes to legal matters.  So, while his popularity will take a beating, not all brand categories will pull out deals with the actor. There will no major immediate impact and, over a period of time, there will be positive stories about his philanthropy work and his own brand Being Human doing good humanitarian work which will work for him and also the brands he has been endorsing. But, if he doesn't do many film projects and stays away from the public eye then problems might spring up and advertisers might consider replacing him.  Manish Porwal, MD, Alchemist Marketing & Talent Solutions  Today, the brands that Salman Khan endorses must be almost as anxious as he himself is. They are to take an inevitable but difficult decision - to be [with him] or not to be.  Most brands that fall in Salman's portfolio are the dare-devil or massy ones. Ones which, unlike in the case of Tiger Woods, can actually push the envelope and use the situation. Simplistically seen, they should stand with him and use this occasion cheekily to get attention and garner positive emotions towards Salman. Having said that, on grounds of reality - this is an extremely difficult and 'risky' strategy to execute. It can wipe off a brand's fortune in a day. It is easy for social influencers to target such a brand endeavour and make it a national wave against them. Simply put, they are consumer brands which are supposedly responsible and cannot favour something which is least controversial. It is not easy for them to show support in favour of someone convicted and hope for public sympathy to be with them. An odd irony that when Salman gets maximum news, his brand partners will have to desert him.  The most likely scenario for most brands Salman endorses, is to stay quiet and not use him or release a campaign till the dust somewhat settles. The second step then would be to quietly replace him or go with a non-celeb campaign. I am also sure that most have been preparing for this eventuality and are already ready with a back-up plan. The ones I definitely feel will move on fast are Thums Up, Suzuki, Yatra, Revital and Wheel.  Jagdeep Kapoor, CMD, Samsika Marketing Consultants  Salman Khan has mass appeal and a fan following that has been built over the years. I do not think that this judgment will impact his popularity and, thereby, the brand endorsements negatively. There is only a Plan A for the brands being endorsed by popular actor that is to stick with him. This development will only increase his brand equity and also bring the brands associated with him in the limelight. Although controversial, we also cannot deny that Khan has helped some of the brands to grow in the market tremendously. Brands have to take a long-term view of the situation and tide through this.  Cajetan Vaz, independent branding consultant  If you look at Sanjay Dutt. He himself was endorsing several brands when he was arrested. I don't think the Indian public has problems with stars who get into any kind of criminal issues. I personally feel that the effect will be more on his appearance, but for brands he has endorsed in past, I don't see them getting impacted as such. I think one brand that got affected was Revital, when Yuvraj Singh had health issues, but it was because the brand is directly connected to health.  Unless the brand was talking about high-morals, it won't affect them. Whatever Salman Khan is endorsing, people know it is an ad and he is a brand ambassador. They don't see his personal life in the role he plays as an actor. If he was endorsing brands that stood for values or morals or society, or a brand like Tata that stands for trust, then yes, there could have been negative impact. But, if he is endorsing brands which talk about being daring and macho, I think for all you know it may just strengthen that image. The whole chatter is short-lived; India will forget about it soon. The negative impact will not be that bad. If he was talking something and doing something else, it would have been affected more.!@#english
!@#Crickets lol I guess I'll have to see if I can guinea pig this one...I'll post back any results when possible. I've inquired with CHH to see if they have any info...this lack of love for the sedan is shameful. Last edited by K24_SC; 12-05-2011 at 03:24 PM . CT-e Supercharged/ IMT Stage 2 Ver.2 Aftercooled @12psi VitViper tuned via Hondata Flashpro/ Hondata Traction Control 12-05-2011, 03:27 PM #3 ADExternal Platinum Member Join Date Nov 2011 Posts 1,663 Base on the pictures alone and the specs it should fit. Sorry for the no response, I must have missed this thread. 12-05-2011, 03:33 PM #4 K24_SC Top Dawg!! Join Date Aug 2011 Location Better safe than Surrey Posts 1,163 Hey no worries, thx for the comparison pic..I have to get my hands on a set of rears to test fit..if anyone can pull this off, please post up results, pics - anything...it could be the 1st in a rear lip option for us sedan guys... Can someone post up a pic with the rear lip installed in the same position as the pics above? would be very helpful... Last edited by K24_SC; 12-05-2011 at 03:37 PM . CT-e Supercharged/ IMT Stage 2 Ver.2 Aftercooled @12psi VitViper tuned via Hondata Flashpro/ Hondata Traction Control 12-05-2011, 04:12 PM #5 bluestar Pickle Hammer Power Join Date Nov 2011 Location Livingston, TN Posts 4,294,967,294 Garage 2012 Honda Civic Sedan Si would be cool if it would work.... wish we could get some side skirts... would really like a set of skirts Beware...the Zombie Apocalypse is coming followed by the uprising of the Smurfs....recommend stocking up Ramen Noodles now!!! K24Z7 Crew Member # 1 Former Owner of 2012 CBP Si Sedan  12-05-2011, 05:40 PM #6 CollegeHillsHonda Supporting Vendor Join Date Dec 2010 Location Wooster, Ohio Posts 251 I would need some additional time to look at this. Question though. What good would it be just to have the rear pieces? Won't the car look odd with just those installed? Paul Pacek - College Hills Honda 1-888-244-6632 x207 Honda Accessories Honda Replacement Parts DIY Video Installations HondaDailyTV Facebook Page 12-05-2011, 06:05 PM #7 bluestar Pickle Hammer Power Join Date Nov 2011 Location Livingston, TN Posts 4,294,967,294 Garage 2012 Honda Civic Sedan Si CollegeHillsHonda I would need some additional time to look at this. Question though. What good would it be just to have the rear pieces? Won't the car look odd with just those installed? odd is different.... different is good.... maybe...lol Beware...the Zombie Apocalypse is coming followed by the uprising of the Smurfs....recommend stocking up Ramen Noodles now!!! K24Z7 Crew Member # 1 Former Owner of 2012 CBP Si Sedan  12-05-2011, 06:24 PM #8 K24_SC Top Dawg!! Join Date Aug 2011 Location Better safe than Surrey Posts 1,163 Thanks for chiming in CHH - I hope you can give us some good news...it may look a little odd, but the back bumper is a little high so it will help level it out + all i'll need after that would be a front lip... Unless, as Blu stated - side skirts would be nice.... and we are always about being different right?? I think you guys could sell a whack of these here/// CT-e Supercharged/ IMT Stage 2 Ver.2 Aftercooled @12psi VitViper tuned via Hondata Flashpro/ Hondata Traction Control 12-05-2011, 06:35 PM #9 bluestar Pickle Hammer Power Join Date Nov 2011 Location Livingston, TN Posts 4,294,967,294 Garage 2012 Honda Civic Sedan Si i would def. be on board for some skirts Beware...the Zombie Apocalypse is coming followed by the uprising of the Smurfs....recommend stocking up Ramen Noodles now!!! K24Z7 Crew Member # 1 Former Owner of 2012 CBP Si Sedan  12-07-2011, 08:57 AM #10 CollegeHillsHonda Supporting Vendor!@#english
!@#Was one and two the same day, cause that's a paddling... in the head... with a cricket bat.!@#english
!@#Quote: : Set I was going to recommend joining this, the old SFTC, so you kind of answered your own question. It's a fantastic facility. Yes, you can find 3.5 partners by hanging out at GGP, joining a community tennis association near your neighborhood, placing Craig's List ads, etc. But, at the end of the day, you will maximize your abilities and enjoyment if you get some instruction from capable pros. And the best of those generally hang out at the private clubs more than at the local public SF court. Given that we are talking about one of the most expensive sports in one of the most expensive cities, I don't think any of the Bay Club's fees are out of line. It's a lot cheaper than the Longwood Cricket Club.!@#english
!@#Played Rugby, Football, Basketball and Cricket Nowadays I can't really play most of those sports because I got a life threatening injury.!@#english
!@#Did you ever trained some sport? is not good English. Did you ever train in sports, or did you ever train in a / at some sport would be much better. Yes. Cricket, and soccer when I was at school. I wasn't bad at cross country running either. I took tennis lessons but was not very good at it. I took golf lessons and became mediocre at it. I trained in various martial arts later on if you consider that sport.!@#english
!@#Re: Najam Sethi Sahab! Your Show Has Really Stalled help cricket ? are you out of senses man ?!@#english
!@#Quote: : We are launching ....a pet technology company. (What's that?) ...multiple products that improve the lives of pets and their owners through high-design, high-tech and a dash of ingenuity. I've been involved in multiple consumer/comercial products and I gotta say these are pretty lame.... - Animale - if you have to explain the pronouniciation it's too complicated...does it have to do with male animals??... - Animalia Inc - kinda the same...animal genitalia?? - Starship Chameleon - Does your product have anything to do with chameleons? Might be OK as a company name if it's NOT on your product. - Pet Project - Tells me nothing unless it's obvious that you use the item to improve your pet somehow - OK company name. I think you need to decide whether you're naming the company or a family of products. For either it should be short, memorable, not already trademarked, an obvious pronunciation, and ideally related to the use or need for the product. For a new specific product a name should reflect something about the product's use or be paired with a second term that provides this information. IE a Cricket cutter, a Swingline stapler, an i- PHONE ... This technique could work with a cutesy product/company name as well. More information about the general type of product and technology would be helpful.!@#english
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 GMT on Thursday, May 7!@#Reuters sports schedule at 0001 GMT on Thursday: - - - - NHL Lightning host Canadiens in pivotal clash The Montreal Canadiens, coming off a pair of losses at home, try to avoid falling in a 3-0 series hole when they visit the Tampa Bay Lightning for Game Three of the best-of-seven Eastern Conference semi-final. (NHL-PLAYOFFS/LIGHTNING (PIX), expect by 0215 GMT/10:15 PM ET, by The Sports Xchange, 250 words) - - Top-seeded Rangers visit Capitals The Washington Capitals try to push the top-seeded New York Rangers to the brink of elimination from the Stanley Cup Playoffs when they take a 2-1 series lead into Game Four of their best-of-seven Eastern Conference semi-final. (NHL-PLAYOFFS/CAPITALS (PIX), expect by 0245 GMT/10:45 PM ET, by The Sports Xchange, 250 words) - - - - NBA Cavs look to draw even against Bulls LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers try to even up their Eastern Conference semi-final with the visiting Chicago Bulls in Game Two of the best-of-seven playoff series. (NBA-PLAYOFFS/CAVALIERS (PIX) , expect by 0415 GMT/10:15 PM ET, by The Sports Xchange, 250 words) - - Clippers try to keep Rockets grounded James Harden and the Houston Rockets try to avoid losing their second consecutive game at home to the Los Angeles Clippers in Game Two of the best-of-seven Western Conference semi-final. (NBA-PLAYOFFS/ROCKETS (PIX) , expect by 0430 GMT/12:30 AM ET, by The Sports Xchange, 250 words) - - - - BASEBALL Cards host Cubs in divisional showdown The St. Louis Cardinals try to pad their lead atop the National League Central when they host the division rival Chicago Cubs in one of the 15 games on the Major League Baseball schedule. (BASEBALL-HIGHLIGHTS/, expect by 0330 GMT/11:30 PM ET, 800 words) - - - - NORTH AMERICAN SPORTS Roundups of off-field developments in the major North American professional sports leagues. (expect by 0000 GMT/8:00 PM ET, by The Sports Xchange, 400 words) - - - - SOCCER Holders Sevilla continue title defence against Fiorentina MADRID - Holders Sevilla continue their bid for a fourth title in Europe's second tier club competition when they host Italian side Fiorentina, the first meeting between the pair in European competition. (SOCCER-EUROPA/SEVILLA (PIX) expect by 2100 GMT/5 PM ET, 400 words) - - Soccer-Napoli host Dnipro in Europa League semi-final MILAN - Napoli, attempting to win their first European trophy since 1989, host Ukraine's Dnipro in the first leg of their Europa League semi-final. (SOCCER-EUROPA/NAPOLI (PIX), 300 words, expect by 2100 GMT/05:00 PM ET) - - Libertadores Cup round of 16 first and second leg Copy on merit - - - - TENNIS ATP/WTA: Madrid Open (to 10) Nadal, Serena looking for serene progress MADRID - Rafa Nadal will be hoping to get his see-saw season back on track when he faces Simone Bolelli in the third round while women's top seed Serena Williams will be hoping for an easier outing against Carla SuÃ¡rez Navarro after surviving match points in her previous round. (TENNIS-MADRID/ expect throughout, 400 words) - - - - MOTOR RACING Spanish Formula One Grand Prix Alonso and Rosberg in Thursday news conference BARCELONA - Fernando Alonso is one of three Spanish drivers in the regular Thursday news conference along with Nico Rosberg, who will be looking to rein in championship-leading Mercedes team mate Lewis Hamilton on Sunday (MOTOR RACING-PRIX/, PIX, by Alan Baldwin, expect stories from 1400 GMT/10 AM ET) - - - - CRICKET Bangladesh v Pakistan, 2nd test (to 10) Pakistan on course for big total against Bangladesh DHAKA - Pakistan resume on 323 for three versus Bangladesh after Younus Khan and Azhar Ali struck centuries to punish the sloppy hosts going into the second day of the second and final test. (CRICKET-BANGLADESH/, 350 words) - - - - GOLF European Tour: Spain Open, Barcelona (to 17) Copy on merit - - - - (Asia desk editor: Nick Mulvenney) Tampa Bay Lightning Montreal Canadiens Washington Capitals!@#english
!@#Have you seen the version with Eric Idle? Rowing/cricket caps and blazers are de rigeur. The two slobboes in the stern do not seem to fit the role - really infra dig.!@#english
!@#I hear you. To be brutally honest, one can't help but suspect that West Indian cricketers (and for that matter, Indians) are glibly painted as greedy and/or lazy by the English press. For the sake of elusive balance, I wonder if a tiny part of this can be attributed to the comment ostensibly made by Gayle (can't remember if it was authenticated) which suggested he didn't care if Test cricket went away?!@#english
!@#Agree. That NZ was very handy but England in 2004 were at their absolute peak - Harmison, Hoggard and Flintoff had never bowled better, Strauss came into Test cricket like a train and Thorpe gave ballast to the middle order. Giles even spun a couple of deliveries. We won 3-0 in the Windies, won all 7 Tests at home against decent NZ and WI sides then won in SA. 2005 we may have actually have been a little in decline - we added Pietersen but early Bell was worse than Thorpe, Harmison began to tail off and by the Oval, Jones was crocked.!@#english
!@#Sodhi just hasn't fulfilled his potential yet. Mark Craig was picked on a selectors hunch and won us a test match, something Sodhi never looked like doing. Well all know he can play but until Sodhi starts putting on some good performances in domestic cricket he's probably a while away from being selected again.!@#english
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 GMT on Thursday, May 7!@#Done Reuters sports schedule at 0001 GMT on Thursday: - - - - NHL Lightning host Canadiens in pivotal clash The Montreal Canadiens , coming off a pair of losses at home, try to avoid falling in a 3-0 series hole when they visit the Tampa Bay Lightning for Game Three of the best-of-seven Eastern Conference semi-final. (NHL-PLAYOFFS/LIGHTNING (PIX), expect by 0215 GMT/10:15 PM ET, by The Sports Xchange, 250 words) - - Top-seeded Rangers visit Capitals The Washington Capitals try to push the top-seeded New York Rangers to the brink of elimination from the Stanley Cup Playoffs when they take a 2-1 series lead into Game Four of their best-of-seven Eastern Conference semi-final. (NHL-PLAYOFFS/CAPITALS (PIX), expect by 0245 GMT/10:45 PM ET, by The Sports Xchange, 250 words) - - - - NBA Cavs look to draw even against Bulls LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers try to even up their Eastern Conference semi-final with the visiting Chicago Bulls in Game Two of the best-of-seven playoff series. (NBA-PLAYOFFS/CAVALIERS (PIX) , expect by 0415 GMT/10:15 PM ET, by The Sports Xchange, 250 words) - - Clippers try to keep Rockets grounded James Harden and the Houston Rockets try to avoid losing their second consecutive game at home to the Los Angeles Clippers in Game Two of the best-of-seven Western Conference semi-final. (NBA-PLAYOFFS/ROCKETS (PIX) , expect by 0430 GMT/12:30 AM ET, by The Sports Xchange, 250 words) - - - - BASEBALL Cards host Cubs in divisional showdown The St. Louis Cardinals try to pad their lead atop the National League Central when they host the division rival Chicago Cubs in one of the 15 games on the Major League Baseball schedule. (BASEBALL-HIGHLIGHTS/, expect by 0330 GMT/11:30 PM ET, 800 words) - - - - NORTH AMERICAN SPORTS Roundups of off-field developments in the major North American professional sports leagues. (expect by 0000 GMT/8:00 PM ET, by The Sports Xchange, 400 words) - - - - SOCCER Holders Sevilla continue title defence against Fiorentina MADRID - Holders Sevilla continue their bid for a fourth title in Europe's second tier club competition when they host Italian side Fiorentina, the first meeting between the pair in European competition. (SOCCER-EUROPA/SEVILLA (PIX) expect by 2100 GMT/5 PM ET, 400 words) - - Soccer-Napoli host Dnipro in Europa League semi-final MILAN - Napoli, attempting to win their first European trophy since 1989, host Ukraine's Dnipro in the first leg of their Europa League semi-final. (SOCCER-EUROPA/NAPOLI (PIX), 300 words, expect by 2100 GMT/05:00 PM ET) - - Libertadores Cup round of 16 first and second leg Copy on merit - - - - TENNIS ATP/WTA: Madrid Open (to 10) Nadal, Serena looking for serene progress MADRID - Rafa Nadal will be hoping to get his see-saw season back on track when he faces Simone Bolelli in the third round while women's top seed Serena Williams will be hoping for an easier outing against Carla SuÃ¡rez Navarro after surviving match points in her previous round. (TENNIS-MADRID/ expect throughout, 400 words) - - - - MOTOR RACING Spanish Formula One Grand Prix Alonso and Rosberg in Thursday news conference BARCELONA - Fernando Alonso is one of three Spanish drivers in the regular Thursday news conference along with Nico Rosberg, who will be looking to rein in championship-leading Mercedes team mate Lewis Hamilton on Sunday (MOTOR RACING-PRIX/, PIX, by Alan Baldwin, expect stories from 1400 GMT/10 AM ET) - - - - CRICKET Bangladesh v Pakistan, 2nd test (to 10) Pakistan on course for big total against Bangladesh DHAKA - Pakistan resume on 323 for three versus Bangladesh after Younus Khan and Azhar Ali struck centuries to punish the sloppy hosts going into the second day of the second and final test. (CRICKET-BANGLADESH/, 350 words) - - - - GOLF European Tour: Spain Open, Barcelona (to 17) Copy on merit - - - - (Asia desk editor: Nick Mulvenney) Tampa Bay Lightning Montreal Canadiens Washington Capitals!@#english
FORTUNE COOKIE: An Afghan Treat and Gastro Diplomacy!@#View comments Delhi is no stranger to Afghan cuisine. Offspring of the ‘medical tourism’ boom between Kabul and New Delhi, Afghan restaurants in the city appear to be multiplying every month. One might start with Kabul Delhi in Lajpat Nagar, where I discovered the joys of digging kebabs as they were meant to be (without the overpowering presence of garam masala). It really seems the moment that a Max Healthcare hospital comes up anywhere in the city, the business of Afghan restaurants registers a hefty spike. Chef Mohammad Hashim of the Intercontinental Kabul, seen making Seekh and Joojeh Kababs at Pavilion, ITC Maurya, speaks of the good times returning to his city You have to see the restaurants proliferating at Hauz Rani, on the side that meanders beside Press Enclave Road in Saket, opposite Max Healthcare’s Super Specialty Hospital, to believe it. They are patronised by the families of patients who come daily from Afghanistan – and by Afghans who have decided to stay on after first coming to Delhi as refugees escaping three decades of self-destructive wars. As I sat down with Chef Mohammad Hashim from the Intercontinental Kabul, a hotel that has survived wars unleashed by the Soviets and the Americans, and inquisitions by the Taliban, mental pictures of these neon-lit, rickety restaurants flooded my salivating mind. The flavourful yet minimally spiced Chicken Qurma Hashim looks more like a Kashmiri Pandit, maybe because he doesn’t sport a beard, than the ‘Kabuliwallah’ as we have known him to be from Rabindranath Tagore’s story, first translated into English by Swami Vivekananda’s acolyte, Sister Nivedita (Margaret Noble), and then made into a film by Bimal Roy, with Balraj Sahni playing the title role. You cannot have a sub-continental conversation without references to Hindi cinema. The chef, who’s here on a culinary exchange at the ITC Maurya initiated by Amar Sinha, India’s Ambassador in Kabul, laughingly said how his friends back home said to him: “If you don’t meet Shah Rukh Khan, you needn’t come home!” SRK has been a presence in the lives of the Afghans – he’s the reason why the chef can speak fluently in Hindi. One of the signs of good times returning to Kabul is the proliferation of shops selling CDs of Bollywood films. The other giveaway is the house-full status of Intercontinental Kabul’s Bamiyan Brasseries, where the legacy of the Bamiyan Buddha, obliterated by the Taliban, lives on in a grand wall hanging. “Bamiyan,” Hashim says proudly, “is the Bukhara of Afghanistan.” As war recedes into a haze of memories and the Taliban seem like a bad dream, families are eating out more often. Women no longer are banned from restaurants, as they were during the days of the Taliban. Your nose will guide you to ITC Maurya’s all-day dining restaurant, Pavilion, where the tandoor and the charcoal sigri haven’t seen a dull moment during dinnertime since the day Hashim and his mates landed from Kabul. The Afghans believe in a minimally invasive style of cooking that lets us savour the natural flavours of the meats. They marinate their meats with salt, sometimes adding onions that double as tenderisers, cumin and coriander leaves; black pepper is an occasional add-on. Lamb is their favourite meat; in Delhi, it is goat meat and chicken all the way, yet Hashim and his team have adapted to the change seamlessly. The adaptable Hashim, though, still cannot take the spice levels of our cuisine (and of course, the prices of dry fruits in the local market, plenty of which go into the Kabuli Pulao). If Hashim’s Chopan (a subtler version of the burrah), Seekh (sexed up with nothing more than onions), Jujeh kababs (succulent chicken chunks on the bone) and Chhabli (a cross between a chapli and to sil batte ki shaami) acquire their flavours from the juices of the meats, his chicken qurma has nothing more than to it than onions, green chillies, garlic and tomatoes. Still, you can’t stop dipping your Kabuli naan into it. More power to culinary diplomacy! Nostalgia and the Taj: 36 years of memories A hotel that’s been around for 36 years becomes a part of the city’s collective memory and contemporary heritage. Delhi’s Taj came up where a gentleman named J.E.D. Fonseca had been running a popular 23-room hotel in a Lutyens’ villa at the centre of a sprawling garden shaded by ancient trees. It opened its doors in 1978 – and since then has been the repository of stories, recounted during an evening of sparkling conversations over a menu infused with nostalgia. Anjolie Ela Menon’s bas relief mural, seen here at the old Haveli restaurant, has been around for 36 years Anjolie Ela Menon has seen the hotel come up from the day it was all brick and concrete. The bas relief mural she painted “for a pittance” on one side of what was to become the Haveli restaurant, is one of the features that has survived through all these years. She remembered how her tiring three months, which is the time it took her to complete the mural, were more than compensated when her husband, Rear Admiral (Retd) Raja Menon, and she got to entertain their friends with the Lucknowi food cooked by the chefs who were being tested for the restaurant. Ustad Amjad Ali Khan remembered an chance meeting he had with J.R.D. Tata at Machan. The sarod maestro’s son Aman, then a 10-year-old, ran to the business tycoon and said to him: “My father has the same watch as you.” Tata replied, “But mine is a Rolex!” That did nothing to shake little Aman’s belief that Tata was wearing the same watch as his father. Ronnie Lobo, the hotel’s best-known general manager, chuckles when he recalled how he ran into Mick Jagger, who’d come unannounced for an India-Pakistan cricket match. The hotelier discovered The Rolling Stones lead singer, who’d checked in under an assumed name, had been assigned an ordinary room. Jagger was promptly upgraded, but getting a private jet to fly him to Pakistan wasn’t that easy! Lobo also remembered how he pinched David Lean from ITC Maurya. The director wrote A Passage to India, his last film based on E.M. Foster’s novel, in the two years he spent here. Why some food brands remain hits Why do some food brands inspire people to keep coming back? The question struck me as I denuded the bone of the flame-grilled Peri Peri Chicken for the Purists at Nando’s in Cyber Hub. The chicken was soft like melting butter and tasted even better with the milder peri peri sauce. It came back to me one more time when I just had the Pita Pit wrap with equal portions of chicken seekh kababs and tikkas (the server’s suggestion, not mine) dressed with tzatziki sauce and an array of accompaniments at the My Square outlet in Select Citywalk, Saket. I had heard the answer before. Consistency with quality: Nothing works better for restaurants. Generation FOBO and the Death of Etiquette Cut it out! Chefs hate diners photographing their food before they've even tasted it Nothing upsets chefs more than newly-wed couples coming for a meal and then not eating anything (or talking) till they’ve posted pictures on their favourite social media platform. And whatever little conversation that takes place grinds to a halt the moment they start getting likes and/or comments. “They would rather eat cold food than not tell the world that they are eating at a particular restaurant. Where’s the romance in dining out?” a chef said in disgust, adding that whenever an order comes from a newlywed couple, he sends the food a couple of degrees warmer than normal so that they get to eat food at the right temperature when they choose to eat it. This is the FOBO (Fear of Being Offline) generation for you – a generation marketers lovingly describe as ‘Digital Natives’. Have Facebook and Instagram rung the death knell of conversation? FOBO couples would rather be responding to strangers online, than talking to the loved one across the table. They would rather be on Facebook than look at each other while talking. That kills the social purpose of eating out, doesn’t it? And did someone just bury dining etiquette?!@#english
!@#Re: Imran Khan takes notice of halting cricket match for Capt.Safdar's helicopter landing @ Mansehra cricket ground Main tau pitch ka muaina kernay gyaa tha yeh under19 ka match asal main London Plan ka hissa tha....jiss ko main nay rukwaaya (Captain Safdar aka gynecologist )!@#english
!@#Re: Imran Khan takes notice of halting cricket match for Capt.Safdar's helicopter landing @ Mansehra cricket ground Originally Posted by Citizen X Safdar paa ji eh tussi ki ker ditta, thuwani pitch theek karan bheejeya c, tussi match hi kharab ker ditta. Hun ghussa rati maryam baaji te na kadna ! nahi yaar...aj Kalsoom di waari a!@#english
!@#Re: Imran Khan takes notice of halting cricket match for Capt.Safdar's helicopter landing @ Mansehra cricket ground Originally Posted by Captain Safdar Main tau pitch ka muaina kernay gyaa tha yeh under19 ka match asal main London Plan ka hissa tha....jiss ko main nay rukwaaya (Captain Safdar aka gynecologist ) Safdar paa ji eh tussi ki ker ditta, thuwani pitch theek karan bheejeya c, tussi match hi kharab ker ditta. Hun ghussa rati maryam baaji te na kadna !!@#english
!@#Quote: : I barely watch NASCAR, so my opinion may not be very accurate, but... I believe the most accurate way to describe NASCAR is to say it's "stripped down racing". The cars, tracks, organization (pit stops and such), it's all quite basic, and the main attraction is the overtaking, man to man battles like they used to be in the past. The concept is to entertain loads of people and it does that very well. But it's just too old school, not moving forward very much. All the cars are very alike. There is quite a little challenge in taming the car, finding the ideal driving line/lines, little gamble with strategy (technical wise, e.g. tires selection, car setup). All this means it's hard to compare NASCAR drivers with anyone else because it's so old school. I'd compare NASCAR to cross of lower touring car series and endurance racing, maybe a little less challenging technically. Dude you're Slovakian. It would surprise me if anyone from around here would be into Nascar. It's one of those sports that are very geographically clearly defined. Like cricket for example. It's a british thing and most people here don't even know what it is. Sometimes I see shit about it on my BBC news feed and I'm like, what the fuck is this about.!@#english
GEM Modern academy is located in Plam Vihar Gurgao!@#Schools In Gurgaon With World Class Facilities Education is very important for everybody. The Women's Puma Lazy Insect Shoes goal of education is to provide every Mens Puma First Round one the opportunity to develop their potential. For the best education, we need word class school. The word world class is often used to describe something which is exceptionally good in Women's Puma Drift Cat II service or provides outstanding performance. It means one has achieved a level of performance that ranks among the very best in the world The school is said to have world class facility if it has exceptional educational delivery and provides safe, comfortable, secure, accessible well ventilated illuminated physical environment. The facilities not only include physical environment but also includes good material and Mens Puma First Round supplies, equipments for science tests and information technology, as well as various aspects like play ground, big and specious building, sports equipments, area for outdoor learning etc. The school facility is not a passive container of the educational process however it is an integral component of the conditions of learning. The school Women's Puma Usain Bolt Shoes layout and design of facilities contribute to the studies of students, educators and society as a whole. If you are looking for schools which believe in overall development of the students and provides world class facilities in Gurgaon then your search ends here. Find below two details of two such schools. GEM is a world class school co educational school GEM helping students develop their Women's Puma Pace Cat 691 character, creativity, values, personal leadership Mens Puma First Round and the spirit of enterprise necessary for them to achieve their full potential as global citizens and leaders of the future. The facilities provided my GEM International School is class apart. It is is well design with huge playground, rich library, computer lab, science lab. The School actively participates in global programmes and connects its pupils to children around the world. The classrooms are bright and fully air conditioned. All class rooms are also equipped with modern technological like computers, television and monitors. For practical experiments it has physics lab, InfoTech lab etc. Every class room has high speed Internet with wifi facility. Sports and games Cheap Puma Shoes Facilities have been provided for tennis, basketball, football, skating, cricket with practice nets and volleyball in the open. The school also has an in door multi sport, 4 court facilities for table tennis, basketball, badminton and taekwondo. Students are exposed Women's Puma Baylee Future to yoga eurhythmics as well. This school takes keen interest in extracurricular activities of students and have and have world class dance, music, art and craft, and life Women's Puma Usain Bolt Shoes skills rooms. GEM Modern academy is located in Plam Vihar Gurgao and has world class infrastructure facilities for that complete learning experience for your child. GEM Modern academy focus on child safety and has a dedicated campus security. GEM proudly has a semi Olympic Swimming Pool air conditioned Squash Court with dedicated changing rooms GEM provides airy rooms and liberal spaces to grow the way children are expected to. GEM makes you child believe in the dream school concept.!@#english
Why do we recognize certain sounds (such as a gentle "hey wake up"), but not others when we sleep, given that they are the same volume?!@#You are surrounded by noise, all the time. Unlike your eyes, which have built-in-light-blockers, your ears remain open and receiving stimuli 24/7 to the little hairs inside of your ear that translate vibration into signals for sounds. Remember when your Dad was telling you a really interesting story that you were completely focused and fixated on? Every word from his mouth triggered a sound wave to go into your ear, stimulate hairs, which then create signals that travel to your cortex. Think of the cortex as a room full of scientists crunching away on numbers and doing all manner of things that make you function. So as your Dad is talking to you, your Cortex is firing away, releasing hormones, storing information, etc. etc. Imagine all these scientists making notes, writing down their own theories, connections between ideas, modifications to existing memories. Stacks upon stacks of paper. By the end of the night, you're tired -- and so is your cortex. But the world wont leave your cortex alone. As you slip on your pajamas, you stimulate more nerve cells which send signals to your cortex. When you brush your teeth, your cortex is putting in extra hours to handle all of those sensations. And as you lay down in your bed, even as still as you possibly can be, your cortex can't escape the chirp of a cricket, or creep of a board, or scratch of a tree against your window. But your brain needs rest. The cortex put in a long day's worth of work, and needs to freshen up for another day of thinking. Your brain also needs to sift through all of the notes that were made during the day and file them into your memory library, move stuff around, clean up. So how do we stop the sensory signals? **Thalamus to the rescue.** The Thalamus is the part of the brain that sensory signals must pass through in order to get to the cortex. Think of it as a guard with a velvet rope standing outside the Cortex room full of your thinkin' scientists. It has the power to deny sensory input from hitting the cortex and waking everybody up. It does this by releasing "spindle" brainwaves periodically through the night which block incoming sensory signals. The more frequent the spindles, the more able it is to keep anything from bugging the cortex. But now we have a new problem -- the fact that our ears are constantly listening is a very good thing. It allows us to respond to threats or dangers when we are most vulnerable. So the Thalamus doesn't make people go deaf to the world while they sleep. Rather, it does its best to eliminate noise and unimportant background sounds. So if you were used to sleeping in the country, out in the middle of nowhere, you would probable struggle to sleep in a busy city due to all the new sounds that would be hitting your ears. Your thalamus wouldn't know what to do. It would be confronted with a new sound it had no clue what to do with and think, "Well, dang... i better let the boss check this out," then pass it to your cortex and wake everybody up. It's not just that the sounds would be louder in the city vs. the country. If you took someone living in the city and placed them out in the middle of nowhere, the "sound" of silence may be enough to keep your Thalamus on edge. Likewise, the chirping of crickets could become maddening. In other words, we acclimate and adapt to "background" noise and our brain auto-filters it out so that it can rest. It's why people who travel a lot often bring white noise machines, as it provides a constant form of noise that muffles out foreign noises, and it stays consistent from place to place making it super easy for your Thalamus to flag it as useless and not wake you up. **With that said**... more specifically to the heart of your question: Why do you wake up when your family/SO make gentle sounds, but can sleep through other common noises? Well, just as it is important for your Thalamus to be alerted to new/different sounds for the sake of threats and dangers that may occur while sleeping, there are certain sounds that are so inherently important to us that they act as a sort of "fire alarm." In other words, you care a lot about your family and SO. They are likely on your mind a lot, and your Cortex has spent a lot of resources making sure they are safe, etc. etc. As a result, the Thalamus will pass those sounds through as well to wake the brain up. A baby crying, for example, is one of the most disturbing and hard-to-acclimate sounds for your brain... which is a good thing if you're a deep sleeper and you need to help your baby. Similarly, certain peoples' voices, or hearing a specific word (like your name), or creek can all get waved through due to their deep-rooted affect on your brain. *tl;dr:* You love your family more than you love birds, TVs, and other environmental noises. You know it. Your cortex knows it. And Thalamus totes knows it.!@#english
!@#Oh I smoked for ten years, just quit last year! For me I think it was the social aspect, although unconsciously I'm sure I absorbed the advertising. Still, not everyone who watched those ads smoke, but everyone who watched them loved cricket. That's what really matters at the end of the day. Just hammer home that gambling is for dipshits, like me. I spend $20 a month or so on gambling as I think an involvement in some kind of vice is important to having a well-rounded character. It maintains my sympathies towards others. A little gambling advertising will do a lot less harm than shielding your kids from watching sports that all of them and their friends are involved in -- assuming they are.!@#english
!@#I should qualify that I don't let my kids watch cricket (or any sport) on Channel 9 . Beer ads after every over, BWS tea break, KFC Classic catches....They watched the World Cup on Fox Sports and it was much more tolerable in this respect. Equally the NRL and Super Rugby on Fox Sports is better due to lack of ads after every score, meaning I can mute/change channels while the ads are on a lot more easily.!@#english
Gayle show floors KXIP!@#Chris Gayle pranced with the bat for RCB - through 12 sixes and 7 fours - to score 117 off 57 against the visitors A storm was brewing over the horizon. This time, it wasn't rain. It wasn't hail either. It was Chris Gayle. The West Indian shattered the Kings XI Punjab attack with his vicious knock at the M Chinnaswamy Stadium here on Wednesday. "Hopefully I can entertain the fans today," Gayle had said prior to the match. "They're tremendous. We need to win, and hopefully I can give the team a good start and set the middle order up." And entertain he did. Opening for Royal Challengers Bangalore, Gayle pranced with the bat and worked his way - through 12 sixes and seven fours - to 117 off 57 against the visitors. It was his 14th ton in T20 cricket and also the highest individual score in the tournament so far. There was no missing that majestic pose at the centre of the pitch after the T20 master reached his century. Laying his bat down carefully, taking off his helmet with the same calmness as his big shots, Gayle leaped in joy and stood there doing a magnificent Cristiano Ronaldo celebration. Gayle seems like he had help. Probably, Gayle had consumed spinach like Popeye before he came on to bat. Mitchell Johnson, the biggest casualty of the pounding, looked shattered. When Johnson was taken out, Glenn Maxwell came in and the West Indian struck two successive big ones at the long on and long off - without moving an inch. Axar Patel too departed as soon as he came into the attack. Karanveer Singh cut a sorry figure after Gayle pounded a second sixer in the same over beyond long-on that almost cracked the glass above the pavilion. Well, they say a storm can destroy anything along its path. And Gayle actually caressed the spider cam's cable when he struck a big one against Anureet Singh. Unfortunately for Anureet, he was asked to relive his nightmare again but Gayle spared him on that occasion. Fortunately for Gayle, he was dropped on two occasions - a tougher attempt beyond mid-off by Punjab skipper George Bailey and a suspiciously easy drop at the deep square leg by Manan Vohra. That didn't matter after Gayle became the first man to score more than 1,500 runs in a single stadium. The only way they did manage to get Gayle caught was his sixer ricocheted off the roof and bounced back to Glenn Maxwell at long-on. That was before Axar Patel finally caught him when the damage had been done. Video editors need not struggle to put up a highlight reel of this match. Be assured that it is only going to be about this magical Gayle innings. The monster over: (from 1.1 to 1.6 overs) Mitchell Johnson's first ball to Chris Gayle: A 137kmph cracker of an in-swinging ball and it was powered deep through midwicket for a boundary. Ball 2: Gayle gave Johnson a break. Ball 3: A faster ball pitched offside and Gayle beautifully connects it through the cover for a six without moving an inch. Ball 4: The Australian bowlers another full ball at 143kmph and Gayle strikes a monstrous straight drive that flies over the fence. Ball 5: Johnson tried a short ball but Gayle still answers it with a glance towards the ropes. Ball 6: Gayle let it be.!@#english
Stuart Binny Says World Cup Exposure Made him a Better Thinking Cricketer!@#Stuart Binny Says World Cup Exposure Made him a Better Thinking Cricketer Stuart Binny Says World Cup Exposure Made him a Better Thinking Cricketer Stuart Binny was part of the Indian squad that bowed out of the World Cup 2015 in the semis. Last updated on Thursday, 07 May, 2015 09:20 IST Total Shares Stuart Binny celebrates after dismissing Mayank Agarwal. © BCCI  Rajasthan Royals all-rounder Stuart Binny on Wednesday said his presence in the Indian dressing room as a member of the 2015 World Cup squad made him a better thinking cricketer. ( IPL 2015 complete coverage | Stats | Points Table )  "In Australia being a part of the World Cup squad, sharing the dressing room with the team, has made me a better thinking cricketer, knowing what to do in tough situations," Binny said at the pre-match press conference ahead of their Indian Premier League (IPL) match against Sunrisers Hyderabad on Thursday.  Binny also described his participation in India's Test tour of England in 2014 as a great confidence booster. ( Pakistan, England players missing out on IPL: Wasim Akram )  "Obviously playing a Test in England and doing well in the Test match gives a lot of confidence to you. It was a tough series for the Indian team. But those days are gone now and it's all about being consistent in the year. That's what I look at," he said. ( Gayle reveals reason behind 'Cristiano Ronaldo' celebration )  His IPL team, Rajasthan Royals, is currently in second spot with 14 points from 11 games, needing one more win to secure their place in the play-offs. ( Shami to pocket crores without playing a single game )  Binny said a combined effort by the bowling and batting units has helped them play consistent cricket in this season. ( Kevin Pietersen an inspiration for me: Deepak Hooda )  "We have done well so far in the tournament and we know that we are one win away from making it to the play-offs. We have played some good cricket. And if we play good cricket that one win will come. Also it's important to hold on the winning momentum," the 30-year-old said.  The all-rounder specially heaped praise on Ajinkya Rahane, who is currently the leading run-getter in the current season with 430 runs. ( No time for critics: Yuvraj )  "I think we have batted well when it comes to Shane Watson. Also Ajinkya Rahane has been so consistent right from the start. Karun Nair didn't get to bat so much. That is the reason he came in ahead of Sanju Samson against Delhi," he said.  "It's a positive for us that the top five are in form. Everyone is really hitting the ball well. Even our five, six, seven are big strikers off the ball. James Faulkner is there at seven. So it's all about what we need from the individual," Binny said.  On Thursday's match against Sunrisers, he said: "We will play on a wicket that is very much suited to our style. Our bowling attack and batting has been good here in the last match against Delhi."    Thursday, 07 May 2015 08:13  !@#english
Fit Ishant Sharma in Consideration for Remaining IPL Games, says Sunrisers Coach Tom Moody!@#Fit Ishant Sharma in Consideration for Remaining IPL Games, says Sunrisers Coach Tom Moody Fit Ishant Sharma in Consideration for Remaining IPL Games, says Sunrisers Coach Tom Moody Ishant Sharma had an erratic start to IPL 2015 and lost his spot to Praveen Kumar in the Sunrisers Hyderabad line-up. Last updated on Thursday, 07 May, 2015 09:12 IST Total Shares Taking notes! Ishant Sharma and Praveen Kumar in conversation with KKR bowling coach and Pakistan legend Wasim Akram. © BCCI  Sunrisers Hyderabad coach Tom Moody on Wednesday said pacer Ishant Sharma was currently fit and surely in consideration for rest of the Indian Premier League (IPL) games. ( IPL 2015 complete coverage | Stats | Points Table )  He said the bowler has worked hard on the areas where he had to improve. ( Pakistan, England players missing out on IPL: Wasim Akram )  "Ishant is very much in consideration. He is fully fit. He obviously had a disappointing start to the season, with a couple of no balls and also some wides in our very first game against Chennai Super Kings," Moody said at the pre-match press conference ahead of their clash with Rajasthan Royals.( Gayle reveals reason behind 'Cristiano Ronaldo' celebration )  �  "Ishant has worked very very hard for the last few weeks, to clear out those issues. He is very much in consideration for playing an important role for us in the upcoming games," he said. ( Shami to pocket crores without playing a single game )  The coach heaped praise on skipper David Warner for displaying excellent leadership qualities in the ongoing IPL season. ( Kevin Pietersen an inspiration for me: Deepak Hooda )  "David is an exceptional individual. He has shown how he can grow as a leader. He has been excellent with his leadership both on and off the field. He embraced the challenge and he has done a great job. Most importantly it has not affected the brand of cricket he brings to the game," he said.  "He continues to play fearless cricket. He is a cricketer who is never satisfied and wants to improve more and more on the game. He wants to be the major contributor for the team always," the 49-year-old coach said. ( No time for critics: Yuvraj )    Thursday, 07 May 2015 08:00  !@#english
!@#as English cricket has diminished and regressed in both skill and tactics, so has their stalker element of bloggers. A sad indictment. Once upon a time, English blogging stalkers were imbued with a modicum of wit, and every now and then a touch of real brilliance, but .. look at it now.. for example, poor Dollop. The last vestige of the English blogging stalker, bereft of all common sense, and not even a parody ... more an embarrassment. Take a leaf out of my other stalker, thepoetseye, book Dollop. .. copy her determined and fixated adoration of one helpless cricketer, about whom she occasionally manages to be interesting about .. not a lot, but sometimes. coupled with the rabid and unrelenting stalking of people who may, perhaps once in a lifetime , contribute a slight disbelief in the wonder of Bell and Whammo.. it brings out all the repressed and sublimated obsession. You could be interesting at least once a year, Dollop if you followed this free advice. Why not try it? it cant hurt and it might help.!@#english
!@#England will dismantle the Kiwi side in their native conditions and as the saying goes there are no two ways about it ! Further, my advice to you is do not send your grandpa Aussie team to our shores ... should be eventually turning out into comedy of errors. -England (Gods of Cricket)!@#english
!@#CashedUpBogun said: ↑ The key sentences I got here was "we have to be realistic" . . . . . . . . . <crickets> I'm drinking a cheeky little NZ Pinot tonight gents, from the Central Otago. Mid-week boozing is so debaucherous, let's hope my gout doesn't flair up. Click to expand... ...for Cubby...our 'wild 'n crazy guy'...!@#english
Taylor's 'new-era' England face Irish ODI challenge!@#. View gallery . . Malahide (Ireland) (AFP) - James Taylor leads a much-changed side into what he says is a "new era" for England cricket when they face Ireland in a one-day international at Malahide, near Dublin, on Friday. After their underwhelming performance at the World Cup, when they lost their four games against Test nations and failed to reach the knockout stage, the England selectors have rung the changes with no fewer than six players in line to make their one-day international debut, five of whom have never represented England in any format. With regular one-day captain and former Ireland international Eoin Morgan allowed to miss this one-off game to play in the Indian Premier League, Taylor gets the chance to captain his country for the first time. "It will be a real honour to lead out a young England side and although I have got the job by default because there were a few guys in the West Indies on the Test tour, it is really a special moment," said Taylor. "But there are plenty of fresh faces and young, exciting talent. It's a new era for England cricket, a chance to park the World Cup and look forward to a fresh start." Surrey's Cambridge graduate Zafar Ansari, Kent wicket-keeper batsman Sam Billings, Somerset all-rounder Lewis Gregory, Hampshire batsman James Vince and Northamptonshire all-rounder David Willey are all hoping for an England debut while Surrey's Jason Roy is, so far, a T20 specialist. View gallery Ireland captain William Porterfield run to score his century during the Cricket World Cup match agai … Meanwhile Adil Rashid and Mark Wood can expect a game after travelling back early from the West Indies, where England could only manage a 1-1 draw against opponents labelled "mediocre" by incoming England and Wales Cricket Board chairman Colin Graves. - Bracewell on board - It is also the start of a new era for Ireland but, in contrast to England, their stock continues to rise after victories over Zimbabwe and West Indies at a World Cup where they were only denied a quarter-final place on net run-rate alone. John Bracewell, the former New Zealand off-spinner who coached his country for five years, including at the 2007 World Cup, started work on Tuesday as Ireland coach in succession to Phil Simmons, now in charge of his native West Indies, but will have an observer role only this week. Ireland's 14-man squad, selected before Bracewell's appointment, has already been reduced by one with the withdrawal of Tim Murtagh with a hamstring injury, further disappointment for the Middlesex seamer who missed the World Cup with a foot problem. View gallery England's Adil Rashid delivers a ball during a training session at the Kensington Oval Stadium i … Victory for Ireland would strengthen their case for more international matches, a point made repeatedly by skipper William Porterfield at the World Cup. "We can play a lot more often," said Porterfield. "The public in Ireland are crying out for that as well, to see more cricket against the top-ten teams, especially in Ireland." Taylor, who played at Malahide in the last game between the teams in 2013, said England faced a "massive test" on Friday. "It was an exciting game two years ago (at Malahide) but we were four down early (Taylor one of the wickets) and then Eoin Morgan and Ravi Bopara blitzed the ball to all parts and scored two unbelievable hundreds to get us over the line. "It was a feisty (10,000) crowd and we expect the same atmosphere again. "Ireland showed the talent they have got at the World Cup against good teams and played really well so we know it will be a massive test, but I have guys behind me who are going to give them a good run for their money." James Taylor England cricket Ireland!@#english
NDTV News - All India: 11 Killed, 7 Injured in West Bengal Fire Cracker Factory Blast!@#NDTV News - All India: 11 Killed, 7 Injured in West Bengal Fire Cracker Factory Blast  NDTV News - All India  NDTV.com provides the latest information from and in-depth coverage of India and the world. Find breaking news, India news, top stories, elections, politics, business, cricket, movies, lifestyle, health, live TV, videos, photos and more.  11 Killed, 7 Injured in West Bengal Fire Cracker Factory Blast http://feedproxy.google.com/& May 7th 2015, 04:15  At least 11 people were killed and seven injured in an explosion at a firecracker factory in West Bengal, police said on Thursday.  You are receiving this email because you subscribed to this feed at https://blogtrottr.com  If you no longer wish to receive these emails, you can unsubscribe here:!@#english
!@#Crickets.!@#english
Update: Play Fantasy Cricket (Sports)!@#iOS Universal With Play Fantasy Cricket app you can create your own team of your favorite players, compete with others in a private or a public league, and WIN PRIZES! Will your IPL / National team win today based on the pitch conditions and their current lineup? Are the conditions ripe for spin or pace bowling? Is your favorite batsman in form? Use your cricket IQ to score points in your Fantasy Cricket League and earn bragging rights amongst your peers! Below are some key features.- IPL 2015 is available nowEasy to Manage Team: - Easy drag n drop / click feature to set your Playing XI. - Check the leaderboard after each match to see updated stats and your team's position in the league. - Helpful push notifications to remind you to set your Playing XI, and to update you when the leaderboard is calculated.Leagues: - Be a part of the default league and compete against everyone and also simultaneously play in your own private/public fantasy cricket league of friends. Be a part of unlimited leagues at no extra charge!Leader-board: - See the top 100 teams in the leaderboard, and how you rank amongst the rest in the fantasy cricket league.Manage Team Budget/Transfers: - Need some extra juice to defeat your foe? Power up by using our in app purchase to upgrade your purchasing budget or extra transfers. You can also upgrade your budget/transfers by referring other friends to join your fantasy cricket league!View Players Statistics: - Evaluate players performance by looking into player's detailed stats in the tournament. Match Scorecard: - See Scorecard of the match and check how each player has performed in a match.Check out other user’s team:- Check other user’s team after transfer window is closed for that match and plan your strategies accordingly for upcoming matches.Check your team for each match: - Check your team for all finished matches and see how players have performed in past when you picked them.Other Features: - Available live updated match scores from live games across the world, and fixtures for upcoming matches.Play fantasy cricket app supports these tournaments and many more! - Indian Premier League (IPL) - Ashes - ICC World cupDisclaimer: We are not associated with ICC, BCCI or any Cricket boards or any IPL or other league teams. We respect the copyrights owned by respective boards and IPL teams and does not infringe rights. The app does not contain Official Logos, or copyrighted content and does not infringe on any copyrights held by any of the boards or teams. What's new - Chat room for every league- Live score and full scorecard- Live Fantasy Points- Bug fixes and performance improvements●●● IPL 2015 is available now ●●●Live fantasy points and live score for IPL 2015 as well as many other tournaments. Screenshots!@#english
Taylor's 'new-era' England face Irish ODI challenge!@#Taylor's 'new-era' England face Irish ODI challenge 7 May 2015 at 11:45 4 viewed 0 comments WRITER: AFP - + MALAHIDE (IRELAND) - James Taylor leads a much-changed side into what he says is a "new era" for England cricket when they face Ireland in a one-day international at Malahide, near Dublin, on Friday.  England batsman James Taylor plays a shot during a Cricket World Cup match at the Melbourne Cricket Ground on February 14, 2015  After their underwhelming performance at the World Cup, when they lost their four games against Test nations and failed to reach the knockout stage, the England selectors have rung the changes with no fewer than six players in line to make their one-day international debut, five of whom have never represented England in any format.  With regular one-day captain and former Ireland international Eoin Morgan allowed to miss this one-off game to play in the Indian Premier League, Taylor gets the chance to captain his country for the first time.  "It will be a real honour to lead out a young England side and although I have got the job by default because there were a few guys in the West Indies on the Test tour, it is really a special moment," said Taylor.  "But there are plenty of fresh faces and young, exciting talent. It's a new era for England cricket, a chance to park the World Cup and look forward to a fresh start."  Surrey's Cambridge graduate Zafar Ansari, Kent wicket-keeper batsman Sam Billings, Somerset all-rounder Lewis Gregory, Hampshire batsman James Vince and Northamptonshire all-rounder David Willey are all hoping for an England debut while Surrey's Jason Roy is, so far, a T20 specialist.  Meanwhile Adil Rashid and Mark Wood can expect a game after travelling back early from the West Indies, where England could only manage a 1-1 draw against opponents labelled "mediocre" by incoming England and Wales Cricket Board chairman Colin Graves.  - Bracewell on board -  It is also the start of a new era for Ireland but, in contrast to England, their stock continues to rise after victories over Zimbabwe and West Indies at a World Cup where they were only denied a quarter-final place on net run-rate alone.  John Bracewell, the former New Zealand off-spinner who coached his country for five years, including at the 2007 World Cup, started work on Tuesday as Ireland coach in succession to Phil Simmons, now in charge of his native West Indies, but will have an observer role only this week.  Ireland's 14-man squad, selected before Bracewell's appointment, has already been reduced by one with the withdrawal of Tim Murtagh with a hamstring injury, further disappointment for the Middlesex seamer who missed the World Cup with a foot problem.  Victory for Ireland would strengthen their case for more international matches, a point made repeatedly by skipper William Porterfield at the World Cup.  "We can play a lot more often," said Porterfield. "The public in Ireland are crying out for that as well, to see more cricket against the top-ten teams, especially in Ireland."  Taylor, who played at Malahide in the last game between the teams in 2013, said England faced a "massive test" on Friday.  "It was an exciting game two years ago (at Malahide) but we were four down early (Taylor one of the wickets) and then Eoin Morgan and Ravi Bopara blitzed the ball to all parts and scored two unbelievable hundreds to get us over the line.  "It was a feisty (10,000) crowd and we expect the same atmosphere again.  "Ireland showed the talent they have got at the World Cup against good teams and played really well so we know it will be a massive test, but I have guys behind me who are going to give them a good run for their money."   0 people liked / 0  !@#english
Kolkata Knight Riders Wary of In-Form Yuvraj Singh, says coach Trevor Bayliss!@#Kolkata Knight Riders Wary of In-Form Yuvraj Singh, says coach Trevor Bayliss Kolkata Knight Riders Wary of In-Form Yuvraj Singh, says coach Trevor Bayliss Yuvraj Singh returned to form with a well-made half-century against the Mumbai Indians in Delhi previous IPL 2015 fixture. Last updated on Thursday, 07 May, 2015 09:59 IST Total Shares Yuvraj Singh delivered a solid performance with the bat against Mumbai Indians. © BCCI  Kolkata Knight Riders (KKR) head coach Trevor Bayliss on Wednesday described the Delhi Daredevils as a tough team to beat ahead of their Indian Premier League (IPL) encounter at the Eden Gardens here on Thursday. ( IPL 2015 complete coverage | Stats | Points Table )  The Daredevils have been struggling this season and are presently sixth on the points table with eight points from the same number of games, but Bayliss stressed they would not be complacent facing the J.P. Duminy-led side. ( No time for critics: Yuvraj )  "Why only Delhi? Kings XI haven't had the best of tournaments as yet, they can be dangerous as well like last year. ( Pakistan, England players missing out on IPL: Wasim Akram )  "This year is when you see the ladder, it is very close, we have 7-8 teams here with every team capable of beating the other on any given day. Beating no team is easy and we would not take the Delhi team lightly, and with Yuvraj scoring runs, we know what a dangerous player he can be," Bayliss said at the pre-match media conference. ( Gayle reveals reason behind 'Cristiano Ronaldo' celebration )  "They have some other Indian players as well in the top of the order. (J.P.) Duminy is also a class player and (Angelo) Mathews! With the bowling attack they got with two leg-spinners makes them a very dangerous team, we will have to be at our best to win," he said.  Bayliss also said the transition from his star tweaker Sunil Narine to Brad Hogg has been seamless and has not affected the team. ( Shami to pocket crores without playing a single game )  He, however, hastened to add that Narine was still an important part of the outfit.  "He (Narine) has been doing a lot of hard work. This year, his action has been very good and after a period of time and a lot of pressure, he will revert to the action he has had for a number of years. It will take a year or two for him to perfect the new one. He worked hard and turned up at the IPL with a new action. He wants to work out, he wants to play but it hasn't affected the team at all." ( Kevin Pietersen an inspiration for me: Deepak Hooda )  "We hope he comes back into the team soon, he is an important part of our team. The performance of our spinners... like (Narine's replacement) Brad Hogg has be seen a fairly easy transition," he said.  The 52-year-old coach hoped that the batting, which he believes had been the "weak link" of the side, was slowly beginning to come into the forefront making them a force to reckon with in the tournament.  "We wanna play the best cricket towards the end of the tournament, I think that the case now, we haven't had the perfect game yet, but we are heading in the same direction.  "Our batting is starting to click which had earlier been a weak link. Our bowling has been our strength for a number of years, so if we get the batting clicking we will be a force to reckon with in the competition," he said.    Thursday, 07 May 2015 08:51  !@#english
!@#Asad: "Poor cricket by Pakistan. No game Plan. They can't win a test match with this Run Rate. Loosing the grip, Loosing the test, loosing the series, Loosing the 3rd spot in Ranking.!@#english
Jammu and Kashmir Excise department foils smuggling bid of willow clefts to Punjab!@#07 May 2015, 10:11   10:11  Kathua: Jammu and Kashmir Excise and Taxation department has foiled a bid to smuggle 3,200 willow clefts to Punjab from the state. Three Maoists awarded lifers in killing of four policemen Representational image  During routine checking by the sleuths of Excise and Taxation Department at Toll Post Lakhanpur in Kathua district, a truck was found loaded with 148 bundles of unfinished cricket bats which were being smuggled from Kathua to Punjab, Deputy Excise Commissioner, Rajesh Sharma said.The truck was loaded with 3,200 willow clefts but the willows were given fake finished look to dodge the toll post barrier Lakshanpur, he added.The truck and willow clefts were seized and ten-times penalty of the value of willow cleft was imposed as violation of toll-tax, he informed.The seized truck and willow clefts have been handed over to forest department for legal action as the transportation of willow clefts is totally banned to other state under Forest Act.!@#english
!@#that league sounds like the kind of league my friends and i made in high school for fun and wagered milkshakes on if this is the only league that youre in, then sure, theres really no reason to take advice from people in this thread because that league sounds more like fantasy cricket than baseball!@#english
Why did Salman's trial in hit-and-run case take so long? Because that's how law works in India - Firstpost!@#Print this Article  By Abhinav Sekri  Close to 13 years have passed since FIR No. 326 was registered at Bandra Police Station, after that sombre September morning that saw one pavement-dweller killed and four others maimed by a speeding car that crushed them in their sleep. During this time, the State of Maharashtra has steadily, albeit slowly, proceeded in a trial against the prime accused in this case, actor Salman Khan.  Khan was alleged to have been driving the car rashly, under the influence of alcohol. After a long-winded series of trials that saw plenty of drama, multiple changes of venue, deaths of witnesses and the disappearance of evidence, arguments finally concluded in April 2015. Today, the actor has been found guilty of the charges framed under Sections 304 (Part II), 279, 337, 338 and 429 of the Indian Penal Code, 1860 (IPC) read with Sections 134, 187, 181 and 185 of the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988. With the exception of Section 304, which we’ll discuss in just a bit, the remaining sections mostly pertain to rash driving, speeding and consequent injury caused to people and property. Image courtesy: Solaris Images  So what exactly transpired during these thirteen years, and why did it take so long? Did it take 13 years only because Khan occupies a more privileged position in society than others? Would different charges have made a difference? Did Khan even have a plausible defence?  Proving One's Case  Is it just a waste of time to have Khan put up a defence when the whole country knows he did it? Thankfully, the law remains blind to public opinion (textually, as one cannot read the mind of the judge!). Criminal law adheres to notions of presuming the innocence of an accused, requiring the prosecution to establish its case beyond all reasonable doubt.  The differences between how charges are proved under Section 304-A as against Section 304 certainly affected the defence strategy. To prove a charge under Section 304-A is significantly simpler than proving the culpable homicide of Section 304 (Part II) IPC. For the latter, the prosecution needs to prove the enigma that is a “culpable mental state”. Simply put: the accused must have committed the act/illegal omission with the knowledge that this would lead to death, in contrast to Section 204-A’s negligent act, which doesn’t require one to have such knowledge.  The retrial began in January 2014, and the defence – unsuccessfully, it turned out - sought a direct strategy of seeking an acquittal on all charges. The defence story has been that Khan was not at the wheel, in support of which varied theories have been offered (ranging from a ‘confession’ by his driver to a suggestion that the victims were killed by a crane, not the car). The only eyewitness to this fact, Ravindra Patil (a former constable in the Maharashtra Police who, along with other witnesses, disappeared under mysterious circumstances during the first trial), testified against Khan.  However, he died midway through the first trial in 2007, giving the defence some scope to raise reasonable doubt on that front. In 2014, they opposed the prosecution’s request to use Patil’s recorded statements from the first trial as evidence in the final trial (unsuccessfully, since the judge allowed the recorded statements to be used). And as is evident from the verdict, the defence, despite all its tactics, failed to establish any reasonable doubt in the mind of the judge regarding Khan’s guilt.  Trials and Travails  The 13-year long trial was not quite the result of extra-legal considerations attracted by Khan's celebrity, but something that could happen in a trial against anyone, given certain circumstances.  Currently, the law remains tight-lipped about the grant of adjournments during a case: Section 309 of the Criminal Procedure Code 1973 [Cr.P.C.] makes it extremely difficult to seek adjournments during recording of evidence. However, there’s a great gap between the text and what’s practiced.  Lawyers are often busy in other courts; clogged dockets make daily trials difficult; the judge might be on leave; witnesses may not appear in court. Such circumstances make delays inevitable in nearly every trial today. The last of these instances – of witnesses not appearing – was responsible for delaying matters by at least three years in Khan’s trial.  To compound matters, several documents disappeared during the trial. This is unsurprising given the general maintenance of malkhanas at police stations , and a lengthy trial would thus only increase the probability of evidence disappearing or deteriorating.  So what explains the sudden speeding up of Khan’s trial over the last couple of years? It is common practice for the judiciary to tackle long-pending cases and dispose of them faster. Consider a parallel: if you live alone (like young litigators I know), you generally finish the older slice of pizza in the fridge first, knowing that the box you just ordered can wait a while.  That said, a round of applause for Judge Deshpande, for completing the trial in just over a year and finally concluding the 13-year long travail. The progress since his taking charge can be seen courtesy of the very accessible case information system run by the The Maharashtra District Courts Website. One can see detailed orders being put up for public view on daily applications.  This is not standard practice and such digital access of district court materials is a rare phenomenon in India today. It may well be a by-product of the media following Khan to Court. After all, leaving aside the odd implosion, even the Indian Cricket team performs well when under strict scrutiny!  The Problem of the Charge  The particular charges framed against Khan have attracted a great deal of attention and litigation, most of which hinges on the difference between Section 304 and Section 304-A of the IPC. The original charges framed included one under Section 304 IPC. This was challenged before the High Court, which in 2003 amended the charge and replaced Section 304 IPC with Section 304-A.  The State then moved the Supreme Court against this order. Although the High Court was criticised for its approach, the Supreme Court observed that since the trial had begun, it would be unwise to further alter charges. However, it clarified that the power to alter charges remained with the Magistrate (under Section 216 Cr.P.C.) and that necessary alterations could be made at a future stage of the trial, if warranted.  Which is exactly what the Additional Chief Metropolitan Magistrate did 10 years later, and placed the case before the Sessions Judge, which is the competent court to try a case under the higher charge of section 304.  By this time, many witnesses had been examined and cross-examined on the charges under 304-A IPC, and the defence requested a retrial to allow Khan to defend himself against the more serious charge under Section 304. A retrial was allowed and began in January 2014, culminating in today’s conviction of Khan on all charges.  Section 304-A vs. 304 IPC  So why did it matter whether charges were framed under Section 304 of 304-A of the IPC? The primary reason here, for me at least, was the gravity of punishment. Section 304 punishes “culpable homicide not amounting to murder” [as defined under Section 299 IPC] and is divided into two parts. We are concerned with the second, which allows for imprisonment up to ten years. Section 304-A punishes “causing death by a rash or negligent act, not amounting to culpable homicide”, with a maximum of two years’ imprisonment. also see !@#english
Yoko Ono designs coffee cup line inspired by tragedies!@#BING NEWS: Key issues in UK election campaign Here's where the candidates stand on the things that matter to voters: Yoko Ono designs coffee cup line inspired by tragedies Yoko Ono designs coffee cup line inspired by tragedies Yoko Ono is expressing herself through espresso cups. Yoko Ono is ... 05/6/2015 - 5:28 pm | View Link Yoko Ono designs coffee cup line inspired by tragedies LOS ANGELES (AP) — Yoko Ono is expressing herself through espresso cups. The artist and widow of John Lennon has designed a collection of cups and saucers featuring the dates and places of six tragic events written in Ono's handwriting, such as the ... 05/6/2015 - 5:23 pm | View Link See Photos From the Met Gala in 1960 In 1960, the Metropolitan Costume Institute held its ball in the Museum's Great Hall for the first time—and elegance ruled the evening ... a situation spiraling out of control. Instead, they inspired a host of demonstrations on campuses across the ... 04/28/2015 - 3:27 pm | View Link Australia, India go head-to-head in Cricket World Cup semi Australia and India renew their tense rivalry on Thursday, willing to fight fire with fire and, if necessary, trade insults with a place in the World Cup final at stake ... "The Indian team will not cross the line, but we will not back down either." 03/25/2015 - 8:36 am | View Link All The Saturday And Sunday San Diego Comic Con Programming All At Once Two weeks to the weekend of San Diego Comic Con – the biggest day and the final day… in two weeks time it will be all but over? Woe is all… but it’s still all to come. Here’s the programming details for Saturday and Sunday. This presentation will ...!@#english
Flash - New Zealand coach calls for longer series - France 24!@#© AFP/File / by Julian Guyer | New Zealand's head coach Mike Hesson celebrates during a match at Eden Park in Auckland on March 24, 2015 LONDON (AFP) -  New Zealand coach Mike Hesson said he believed his side were worthy of longer series ahead of their two-Test campaign in England.  "We?ve started to earn the right now to play longer series than two Tests," Hesson told reporters at Lord's on Wednesday following a team training session.  "That?s something we are looking forward to and our administrators want to make it happen."  A two-match contest is the minimum required to constitute a series by the International Cricket Council (ICC), the sport's governing body.  But Australia seamer Ryan Harris voiced a widespread concern when he labelled two-Test series "pointless".  "I think some of it has been performance, I think we've been down the pecking order in terms of our ranking," said Hesson, whose side are now fifth in the standings to England's fourth.  But New Zealand have won four and drawn two of their six Test series since losing 2-0 in England in 2013.  "For 18 months we?ve played good cricket, six series in a row Test wise," said Hesson.  New Zealand, historically, have not tended to be viewed as a big 'draw card' by other countries and so have rarely played Test series longer than three matches.  But as on New Zealand's last visit to the UK two years ago, Australia are also touring England this year.  With administrators in England and Australia adamant the Ashes must be played over a 'full' five-Test campaign and English officials believing anything more than seven Tests in a home season is not a practical option, New Zealand face another two-Test series.  "Often, England have two (incoming) tours and we get the early one. We tend to be a bit of an entree to the Ashes, it seems to be the way we've been used in the past," said Hesson.  Indeed the last time New Zealand played a four-Test series against England was when they won 2-1, with one draw, in England in 1999.  And the only five-match campaign involving the two nations came back in 1958 when an England team captained by Peter May won 4-0 with one draw.  Now New Zealand will face an England side who were recently held to a 1-1 draw away to a West Indies team labelled "mediocre" by incoming England and Wales Cricket Board chairman Colin Graves.  But Hesson said whatever their opponent's problems, winning a series in England would still be a landmark achievement  "We've won four Test matches here (England) in our history, so to win a series would be huge."  - 'Ridden the wave' -  New Zealand have revelled in the role of underdogs, but their run to the World Cup final, which included an eight-wicket thrashing of England, has changed perceptions.  "The country have got behind us in all forms of cricket, we?ve ridden the wave really, the public support in the last six months has been really amazing," said Hesson, whose side lost to co-hosts Australia in the final.  "There?s definitely an expectation which we probably haven?t had a lot of. We found that out in the World Cup. If we won a game, if you didn?t win it well you got criticism, whereas in the past we were just happy winning.  "We?ve got more of a following at home and an expectation that we perform over here.  "What that means, I guess we'll find out in the next month."  New Zealand begin their tour against Somerset on Friday before playing another four-day warm-up match against Worcestershire ahead of Tests at Lord's (starting on May 21) and Headingley (starting on May 29). by Julian Guyer !@#english
the aggressor. Challenged by Roux, Burger speculated that pe!@#Florida Panthers star goaltender Roberto Luongo and ex-Winnipeg Jets head coach Claude Noel are joining NHL on TSNs first round coverage of the 2014 Stanley Cup Playoffs. The NHL on TSN guest analysts have each signed on for back-to-back appearances, with Noel confirmed for April 25-26 and Luongo for April 27-28. Luongo and Noel are appearing alongside NHL on TSNs acclaimed panel of host James Duthie, Hockey Insider Bob McKenzie, and analysts Jeff ONeill and Jamie McLennan. Noel, one of the NHLs most quotable coaches before his dismissal by the Jets this season, brings his outspoken analysis to the TSN Studio from April 25-26, as first revealed Monday in an exclusive interview with Winnipeg Free Press sports columnist and TSN Radio 1290 in Winnipeg host Gary Lawless. With a unique sense of humour that makes him a must-follow on Twitter, Luongo is a fan-favourite on and off the ice. The two-time Olympic gold medallist adds his insight to the NHL on TSN panel from April 27-28. NHL ON TSNs broadcast schedule for April 25-28 is as follows: Friday, April 25 Game #4: NY Rangers vs. Philadelphia at 7 p.m. ET on TSN2*Game #5: Dallas vs. Anaheim at 10:30 p.m. ET on TSN** Saturday, April 26 Game #5: Detroit vs. Boston at 3 p.m. ET on TSN*Game #5: Colorado vs. Minnesota at TBD on TSN** Sunday, April 27 Game #5: NY Rangers vs. Philadelphia at 12 noon ET on TSN*Game #6: Anaheim vs. Dallas at TBD on TSN/TSN2** Monday, April 28 Game #6: Boston vs. Detroit at TBD on TSN** Game #6: Colorado vs. Minnesota at TBD on TSN** Alonzo Gee Jersey . - Hall of Fame centre Bill Russell was arrested this week at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport after Transportation Security Administration officials found a loaded gun in his luggage. Danilo Gallinari Nuggets Jersey . The 18-year-old from Toronto was named to Canadas roster for a friendly on June 18 against Germany after the defender scored her first goal for her country in last months 1-1 draw with the United States in Winnipeg. http://www.officialnuggetsstore.com/Jusuf-Nurkic-Nuggets-Jersey/ . It was almost exactly like the way Babcocks Team Canada won gold at the Winter Olympics in Sochi, Russia. The result was a 2-1 Red Wings victory on Swedish Olympian Gustav Nyquists rebound goal with 28 seconds left in overtime. Custom Nuggets Jersey .C. -- Cam Newton wasnt flawless on Sunday. Allen Iverson Authentic Jersey . -- Jacksonville Jaguars rookie receiver Marqise Lee has agreed to terms on a four-year contract worth more than $5 million.PRETORIA, South Africa -- For two days, the witness in the murder trial of Oscar Pistorius kept her composure. Then, just as her testimony was about to finish, she broke down in tears at what she said was the memory of the screams she heard on the night that the double-amputee athlete fatally shot his girlfriend in his South African home. Michelle Burger, a neighbour of Pistorius who took the stand on the second day of a trial watched around the world, remained calm through intense questioning by the chief defence lawyer. In a final exchange with the lead prosecutor on Tuesday, however, emotion washed over her as she recalled what she described as the terrified screams of a woman early on Valentines Day last year. "When Im in the shower, I relive her shouts," Burger said in an apparent reference to her trauma just after the shooting, when a police captain took her statement. When Gerrie Nel, the prosecutor, asked her about her emotions at the time, she said the experience was "quite raw" and her voice broke. Nel asked her how she was coping now. "Im coping fine," Burger insisted. "Its been a year." Burger, a university lecturer, lives 177 metres (193 yards) from Pistorius house, where his girlfriend, Reeva Steenkamp, died in what the runner said was an accident. Burger testified that she heard a man and a woman shouting, then the sound of four gunshots. She said the womans screams continued during the gunshots and quickly faded away after the final one. She was the first witness called by the prosecution, which contends that Pistorius intentionally killed Steenkamp after a loud argument. Her testimony contradicts Pistorius account. He says he fired four times through the toilet cubicle door, hitting Steenkamp three times in the head, arm and hip or side area after thinking she was a dangerous intruder. He has pleaded not guilty. The defence contends that Burger may have been asleep when the gunshots were fired, and then mistakenly thought she was hearing gunfire when in fact it was the sound of Pistorius breaking the toilet cubicle door with a cricket bat after realizing he had shot his girlfriend. During cross-examination of Burger, chief defence lawyer Barry Roux suggested that she was mistaken in saying that she heard a woman screaming and that it was actually Pistorius shouting for help in a high voice after accidentally shooting Steenkamp. Giving sometimes grisly details of the killing of the 29-year-old model, Roux said Steenkamp was shot in the head, which would have resulted in brain damage and "no cognitive function" and so she wouldnt have been able too scream just after the last bullet struck, as Burger testified. Roux said that an expert would later testify in the trial that "with the head shot, she (Steenkamp) would have dropped down immediately." Burger disagreed. "I heard her voice just after the last shot," she said. "It faded away." Her husband, Charl Johnson, also testified that "the last scream faded moments after the last gunshot was fired." Burger also said that the man she heard -- before the sound of the gunfire -- was calling for help, a piece of testimony that muddied the prosecutions narrative that Pistorius was the aggressor. Challenged by Roux, Burger speculated that perhaps the voice was that of Pistorius ridiculing Steenkamps calls for help. "Was it a mockery? I dont know. Im not Mr. Pistorius," she said. Pistorius, who faces a minimum of 25 years in prison without parole if convicted of premeditated murder, took notes during testimony and huddled with lawyers during adjournments. His collected demeanour contrasted with his sometimes distraught behaviour during a bail hearing last year, when he sobbed in court. At one point on Tuesday he covered his ears, but it wasnt clear why. Pistorius, 27, was born without fibula bones because of a congenital defect and his legs were amputated when he was 11 months old. He has run on carbon-fiber blades and was originally banned from competing against able-bodied peers because many argued that his blades gave him an unfair advantage. He was later cleared to compete. He is a multiple Paralympic medallist but he failed to win a medal at the 2012 London Olympics. Steenkamps mother, June, said in a television interview that she did not want to live with bitterness. "Ive lost everything thats important to me, and still, I can forgive. I can forgive," she told NBCs "Today" show. "One must forgive." June Steenkamp was in court Monday, hoping to look Pistorius in the eye. But, she said, Pistorius "never looked my way, or he didnt have an opportunity to do that." Judge Thokozile Masipa will ultimately deliver the verdict and decide on any sentence. South Africa has no trial by jury. Tuesdays proceedings were interrupted when Masipa ordered an investigation into allegations that a South African television channel was broadcasting a photograph of Burger during her testimony -- against a court order guaranteeing privacy to witnesses who request it. "I am warning the media," the judge said, "if you do not behave, you are not going to be treated with soft gloves by this court." cheap jerseys Cheap NFL Jerseys ' ' '!@#english
Need A Business App?!@#by poster | posted in: News | 0  ? Most people give full attention to their phones today for answers on locations of cinemas, or restaurants, what to eat, or where to buy items.? ? Sure Google and the rest are a help, but which knowing and trusting person would choose them if a suitable app is there for them to load first?? ? Customers have this convenient little bundle of software which presents you with menu items or special sale days, what services are given and a lot of information.?… ? Your business app makes friends with Twitter, YouTube and Facebook, so become a social person. … ? Retail stores can organize flash sales or dangle the carrot with a gift in exchange for a service, to get customers to rush to your store.? ? When you are inactive or asleep, your app keeps plugging away, drumming up business through its network.? ? It even takes orders, or accepts payments, for delivery or services, and makes a sale when the customer’s interest peaks.?… ? Your app knows your customers better than you, it asks their opinions, makes analysis or surveys.? ? More information is sometimes requested by the app to help market a product through many channels.?  …2048 Game Musical 2048 mobile game 2048 mobile game with music AAP anand Android Top 45 Bird game BJP carlsen chess Cricket IPL T20 Chennai Super Kings Daily yoga app elections Elevens game 2048 Elevens mobile game european tournaments Fruit slice game game games Hackathon IBM Idea network India Interface Intuitive iphone games this week IPL T20 keyboard math app mobile Mobile app mobile application development mobile apps mobile cricket app mobile game Mobile games development in China Mobile math game Mobile news promotion Mobile yoga app Project management Ramanujan real estate Sea Battle Mobile game Snakes and ladders mobile game Translate!@#english
File: YES TV =NSW vs Queensland Live!@#rugby Preview : NSW vs Queensland Teams Name : NSW vs Queensland Location – Melbourne Cricket Ground, Victoria, Australia. Kick-off Time: 8pm (Time Zone) Date: Game 1: 27 May 2015 ESPN, FxFl, WGN, SUNS TV Channel will broadcast Watch NSW vs Queensland Live Streaming rugby game. rugby 2015 series will be kicking off today with NSW vs Queensland Live. Hey rugby fan what a exclusive rugby match NSW vs Queensland is ! welcome to enjoy NSW vs Queensland Live streaming online rugby game. This game of rugby League 2014-15 seasons. NSW vs Queensland Live rugby streaming online all of you can watch here. please don’t miss this game! Don’t miss to watch this Big game between NSW vs Queensland Live rugby League Online TV right from there . A large TV Channels like ABC, Animal Planet, AXN, BBC, CBS, CNN, CW, DISCOVERY CHANNEL, ESPN AMERICA, ESPN, ESPN2, EUROSPORT, FOX, FX, HBO, MTV, NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC, NBC, SHOWTIME, SKY SPORTS, SPIKE TV, USA NETWORK, TBS, TLC, TNT, Versus and many more for telecast your sporting event. So you can also watch You can also watch live Sport like Boxing, rugby, NBA, Baseball, MLB, Football, rugby, Tennis ATP and WTA, Fussball, Snooker, Bundesliga, Premier League, rugby, rugby, College Football, NCCA, Golf, PGA, Motorsport, Nascar, Formula 1, Cricket, Handball, Volley here in live flash streaming. We Are Embedding Live Streams from Justin.tv, ATDHE, MYP2P, Lemonsport, Livescorehunter and Many More. You will never have to pay for any service just enjoy streaming live Television, Videos and Sports. live rugby League, live rugby League free, live sports,     brought cast,   internet, ONSW vs Queensland Live match preview, NSW vs Queensland Live online free stream, NSW vs Queensland Live online on tv, NSW vs Queensland Live online streaming, NSW vs Queensland Live online tv,   spot cast, O  stream,   stream online, NSW vs Queensland Live streaming, NSW vs Queensland Live streaming online, NSW vs Queensland Live telecast free, NSW vs Queensland Live tv free NSW vs Queensland Live,   stream,   stream online,   streaming online, NSW vs Queensland Live match preview, NSW vs Queensland Live online on tv, NSW vs Queensland Live, NSW vs Queensland Live tv free,   online streaming,     streaming, NSW vs Queensland Live spot cast, NSW vs Queensland Live brought cast, NSW vs Queensland Live online free stream, NSW vs Queensland Live telecast free, NSW vs Queensland Live online tv,   internet, tv, live sports, live rugby League, live rugby League free rugby League, live rugby League free, live sports,     brought cast, NSW vs Queensland Live internet, NSW vs Queensland Live match preview, NSW vs Queensland Live online free stream, NSW vs Queensland Live online on tv, NSW vs Queensland Live online streaming, NSW vs Queensland Live online tv,   spot cast,   stream,   stream online, NSW vs Queensland Live streaming, NSW vs Queensland Live streaming online, NSW vs Queensland Live telecast free, NSW vs Queensland Live tv free Posted: 7 May 2015!@#english
File: BD TV =New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live!@#rugby Preview : New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Teams Name : New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Location – Melbourne Cricket Ground, Victoria, Australia. Kick-off Time: 8pm (Time Zone) Date: Game 1: 27 May 2015 ESPN, FxFl, WGN, SUNS TV Channel will broadcast Watch New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live Streaming rugby game. rugby 2015 series will be kicking off today with New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live. Hey rugby fan what a exclusive rugby match New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons is ! welcome to enjoy New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live streaming online rugby game. This game of rugby League 2014-15 seasons. New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live rugby streaming online all of you can watch here. please don’t miss this game! Don’t miss to watch this Big game between New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live rugby League Online TV right from there . A large TV Channels like ABC, Animal Planet, AXN, BBC, CBS, CNN, CW, DISCOVERY CHANNEL, ESPN AMERICA, ESPN, ESPN2, EUROSPORT, FOX, FX, HBO, MTV, NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC, NBC, SHOWTIME, SKY SPORTS, SPIKE TV, USA NETWORK, TBS, TLC, TNT, Versus and many more for telecast your sporting event. So you can also watch You can also watch live Sport like Boxing, rugby, NBA, Baseball, MLB, Football, rugby, Tennis ATP and WTA, Fussball, Snooker, Bundesliga, Premier League, rugby, rugby, College Football, NCCA, Golf, PGA, Motorsport, Nascar, Formula 1, Cricket, Handball, Volley here in live flash streaming. We Are Embedding Live Streams from Justin.tv, ATDHE, MYP2P, Lemonsport, Livescorehunter and Many More. You will never have to pay for any service just enjoy streaming live Television, Videos and Sports. live rugby League, live rugby League free, live sports,     brought cast,   internet, ONew South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live match preview, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live online free stream, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live online on tv, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live online streaming, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live online tv,   spot cast, O  stream,   stream online, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live streaming, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live streaming online, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live telecast free, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live tv free New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live,   stream,   stream online,   streaming online, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live match preview, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live online on tv, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live tv free,   online streaming,     streaming, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live spot cast, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live brought cast, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live online free stream, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live telecast free, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live online tv,   internet, tv, live sports, live rugby League, live rugby League free rugby League, live rugby League free, live sports,     brought cast, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live internet, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live match preview, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live online free stream, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live online on tv, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live online streaming, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live online tv,   spot cast,   stream,   stream online, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live streaming, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live streaming online, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live telecast free, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live tv free Posted: 7 May 2015!@#english
File: PLAY TV Queensland vs NSW Live!@#rugby Preview : Queensland vs NSW Teams Name : Queensland vs NSW Location – Melbourne Cricket Ground, Victoria, Australia. Kick-off Time: 8pm (Time Zone) Date: Game 1: 27 May 2015 ESPN, FxFl, WGN, SUNS TV Channel will broadcast Watch Queensland vs NSW Live Streaming rugby game. rugby 2015 series will be kicking off today with Queensland vs NSW Live. Hey rugby fan what a exclusive rugby match Queensland vs NSW is ! welcome to enjoy Queensland vs NSW Live streaming online rugby game. This game of rugby League 2014-15 seasons. Queensland vs NSW Live rugby streaming online all of you can watch here. please don’t miss this game! Don’t miss to watch this Big game between Queensland vs NSW Live rugby League Online TV right from there . A large TV Channels like ABC, Animal Planet, AXN, BBC, CBS, CNN, CW, DISCOVERY CHANNEL, ESPN AMERICA, ESPN, ESPN2, EUROSPORT, FOX, FX, HBO, MTV, NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC, NBC, SHOWTIME, SKY SPORTS, SPIKE TV, USA NETWORK, TBS, TLC, TNT, Versus and many more for telecast your sporting event. So you can also watch You can also watch live Sport like Boxing, rugby, NBA, Baseball, MLB, Football, rugby, Tennis ATP and WTA, Fussball, Snooker, Bundesliga, Premier League, rugby, rugby, College Football, NCCA, Golf, PGA, Motorsport, Nascar, Formula 1, Cricket, Handball, Volley here in live flash streaming. We Are Embedding Live Streams from Justin.tv, ATDHE, MYP2P, Lemonsport, Livescorehunter and Many More. You will never have to pay for any service just enjoy streaming live Television, Videos and Sports. live rugby League, live rugby League free, live sports,     brought cast,   internet, OQueensland vs NSW Live match preview, Queensland vs NSW Live online free stream, Queensland vs NSW Live online on tv, Queensland vs NSW Live online streaming, Queensland vs NSW Live online tv,   spot cast, O  stream,   stream online, Queensland vs NSW Live streaming, Queensland vs NSW Live streaming online, Queensland vs NSW Live telecast free, Queensland vs NSW Live tv free Queensland vs NSW Live,   stream,   stream online,   streaming online, Queensland vs NSW Live match preview, Queensland vs NSW Live online on tv, Queensland vs NSW Live, Queensland vs NSW Live tv free,   online streaming,     streaming, Queensland vs NSW Live spot cast, Queensland vs NSW Live brought cast, Queensland vs NSW Live online free stream, Queensland vs NSW Live telecast free, Queensland vs NSW Live online tv,   internet, tv, live sports, live rugby League, live rugby League free rugby League, live rugby League free, live sports,     brought cast, Queensland vs NSW Live internet, Queensland vs NSW Live match preview, Queensland vs NSW Live online free stream, Queensland vs NSW Live online on tv, Queensland vs NSW Live online streaming, Queensland vs NSW Live online tv,   spot cast,   stream,   stream online, Queensland vs NSW Live streaming, Queensland vs NSW Live streaming online, Queensland vs NSW Live telecast free, Queensland vs NSW Live tv free Posted: 7 May 2015!@#english
File: RUGBY TV @@@@State Of Origin Live!@#rugby Preview : Queensland vs NSW Teams Name : Queensland vs NSW Location – Melbourne Cricket Ground, Victoria, Australia. Kick-off Time: 8pm (Time Zone) Date: Game 1: 27 May 2015 ESPN, FxFl, WGN, SUNS TV Channel will broadcast Watch Queensland vs NSW Live Streaming rugby game. rugby 2015 series will be kicking off today with Queensland vs NSW Live. Hey rugby fan what a exclusive rugby match Queensland vs NSW is ! welcome to enjoy Queensland vs NSW Live streaming online rugby game. This game of rugby League 2014-15 seasons. Queensland vs NSW Live rugby streaming online all of you can watch here. please don’t miss this game! Don’t miss to watch this Big game between Queensland vs NSW Live rugby League Online TV right from there . A large TV Channels like ABC, Animal Planet, AXN, BBC, CBS, CNN, CW, DISCOVERY CHANNEL, ESPN AMERICA, ESPN, ESPN2, EUROSPORT, FOX, FX, HBO, MTV, NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC, NBC, SHOWTIME, SKY SPORTS, SPIKE TV, USA NETWORK, TBS, TLC, TNT, Versus and many more for telecast your sporting event. So you can also watch You can also watch live Sport like Boxing, rugby, NBA, Baseball, MLB, Football, rugby, Tennis ATP and WTA, Fussball, Snooker, Bundesliga, Premier League, rugby, rugby, College Football, NCCA, Golf, PGA, Motorsport, Nascar, Formula 1, Cricket, Handball, Volley here in live flash streaming. We Are Embedding Live Streams from Justin.tv, ATDHE, MYP2P, Lemonsport, Livescorehunter and Many More. You will never have to pay for any service just enjoy streaming live Television, Videos and Sports. live rugby League, live rugby League free, live sports,     brought cast,   internet, OQueensland vs NSW Live match preview, Queensland vs NSW Live online free stream, Queensland vs NSW Live online on tv, Queensland vs NSW Live online streaming, Queensland vs NSW Live online tv,   spot cast, O  stream,   stream online, Queensland vs NSW Live streaming, Queensland vs NSW Live streaming online, Queensland vs NSW Live telecast free, Queensland vs NSW Live tv free Queensland vs NSW Live,   stream,   stream online,   streaming online, Queensland vs NSW Live match preview, Queensland vs NSW Live online on tv, Queensland vs NSW Live, Queensland vs NSW Live tv free,   online streaming,     streaming, Queensland vs NSW Live spot cast, Queensland vs NSW Live brought cast, Queensland vs NSW Live online free stream, Queensland vs NSW Live telecast free, Queensland vs NSW Live online tv,   internet, tv, live sports, live rugby League, live rugby League free rugby League, live rugby League free, live sports,     brought cast, Queensland vs NSW Live internet, Queensland vs NSW Live match preview, Queensland vs NSW Live online free stream, Queensland vs NSW Live online on tv, Queensland vs NSW Live online streaming, Queensland vs NSW Live online tv,   spot cast,   stream,   stream online, Queensland vs NSW Live streaming, Queensland vs NSW Live streaming online, Queensland vs NSW Live telecast free, Queensland vs NSW Live tv free Posted: 7 May 2015!@#english
File: HOT TV =Queensland Maroons vs New South Wales Blues Live Stream!@#rugby Preview : Queensland Maroons vs New South Wales Blues Teams Name : Queensland Maroons vs New South Wales Blues Location – Melbourne Cricket Ground, Victoria, Australia. Kick-off Time: 8pm (Time Zone) Date: Game 1: 27 May 2015 ESPN, FxFl, WGN, SUNS TV Channel will broadcast Watch   Streaming rugby game. rugby 2015 series will be kicking off today with  . Hey rugby fan what a exclusive rugby match Queensland Maroons vs New South Wales Blues is ! welcome to enjoy   streaming online rugby game. This game of rugby League 2014-15 seasons.   rugby streaming online all of you can watch here. please don’t miss this game! Don’t miss to watch this Big game between   rugby League Online TV right from there . A large TV Channels like ABC, Animal Planet, AXN, BBC, CBS, CNN, CW, DISCOVERY CHANNEL, ESPN AMERICA, ESPN, ESPN2, EUROSPORT, FOX, FX, HBO, MTV, NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC, NBC, SHOWTIME, SKY SPORTS, SPIKE TV, USA NETWORK, TBS, TLC, TNT, Versus and many more for telecast your sporting event. So you can also watch You can also watch live Sport like Boxing, rugby, NBA, Baseball, MLB, Football, rugby, Tennis ATP and WTA, Fussball, Snooker, Bundesliga, Premier League, rugby, rugby, College Football, NCCA, Golf, PGA, Motorsport, Nascar, Formula 1, Cricket, Handball, Volley here in live flash streaming. We Are Embedding Live Streams from Justin.tv, ATDHE, MYP2P, Lemonsport, Livescorehunter and Many More. You will never have to pay for any service just enjoy streaming live Television, Videos and Sports. live rugby League, live rugby League free, live sports,     brought cast,   internet, O  match preview,   online free stream,   online on tv,   online streaming,   online tv,   spot cast, O  stream,   stream online,   streaming,   streaming online,   telecast free,   tv free     stream,   stream online,   streaming online,   match preview,   online on tv,     tv free,   online streaming,     streaming,   spot cast,   brought cast,   online free stream,   telecast free,   online tv,   internet, tv, live sports, live rugby League, live rugby League free rugby League, live rugby League free, live sports,     brought cast,   internet,   match preview,   online free stream,   online on tv,   online streaming,   online tv,   spot cast,   stream,   stream online,   streaming,   streaming online,   telecast free,   tv free Posted: 7 May 2015!@#english
File: PLAY TV =New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live Stream!@#rugby Preview : New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Teams Name : New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Location – Melbourne Cricket Ground, Victoria, Australia. Kick-off Time: 8pm (Time Zone) Date: Game 1: 27 May 2015 ESPN, FxFl, WGN, SUNS TV Channel will broadcast Watch New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live Streaming rugby game. rugby 2015 series will be kicking off today with New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live. Hey rugby fan what a exclusive rugby match New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons is ! welcome to enjoy New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live streaming online rugby game. This game of rugby League 2014-15 seasons. New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live rugby streaming online all of you can watch here. please don’t miss this game! Don’t miss to watch this Big game between New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live rugby League Online TV right from there . A large TV Channels like ABC, Animal Planet, AXN, BBC, CBS, CNN, CW, DISCOVERY CHANNEL, ESPN AMERICA, ESPN, ESPN2, EUROSPORT, FOX, FX, HBO, MTV, NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC, NBC, SHOWTIME, SKY SPORTS, SPIKE TV, USA NETWORK, TBS, TLC, TNT, Versus and many more for telecast your sporting event. So you can also watch You can also watch live Sport like Boxing, rugby, NBA, Baseball, MLB, Football, rugby, Tennis ATP and WTA, Fussball, Snooker, Bundesliga, Premier League, rugby, rugby, College Football, NCCA, Golf, PGA, Motorsport, Nascar, Formula 1, Cricket, Handball, Volley here in live flash streaming. We Are Embedding Live Streams from Justin.tv, ATDHE, MYP2P, Lemonsport, Livescorehunter and Many More. You will never have to pay for any service just enjoy streaming live Television, Videos and Sports. live rugby League, live rugby League free, live sports,     brought cast,   internet, ONew South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live match preview, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live online free stream, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live online on tv, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live online streaming, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live online tv,   spot cast, O  stream,   stream online, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live streaming, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live streaming online, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live telecast free, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live tv free New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live,   stream,   stream online,   streaming online, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live match preview, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live online on tv, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live tv free,   online streaming,     streaming, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live spot cast, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live brought cast, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live online free stream, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live telecast free, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live online tv,   internet, tv, live sports, live rugby League, live rugby League free rugby League, live rugby League free, live sports,     brought cast, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live internet, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live match preview, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live online free stream, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live online on tv, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live online streaming, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live online tv,   spot cast,   stream,   stream online, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live streaming, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live streaming online, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live telecast free, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live tv free Posted: 7 May 2015!@#english
File: LIVE TV NSW vs Queensland Live Stream!@#rugby Preview : NSW vs Queensland Teams Name : NSW vs Queensland Location – Melbourne Cricket Ground, Victoria, Australia. Kick-off Time: 8pm (Time Zone) Date: Game 1: 27 May 2015 ESPN, FxFl, WGN, SUNS TV Channel will broadcast Watch NSW vs Queensland Live Streaming rugby game. rugby 2015 series will be kicking off today with NSW vs Queensland Live. Hey rugby fan what a exclusive rugby match NSW vs Queensland is ! welcome to enjoy NSW vs Queensland Live streaming online rugby game. This game of rugby League 2014-15 seasons. NSW vs Queensland Live rugby streaming online all of you can watch here. please don’t miss this game! Don’t miss to watch this Big game between NSW vs Queensland Live rugby League Online TV right from there . A large TV Channels like ABC, Animal Planet, AXN, BBC, CBS, CNN, CW, DISCOVERY CHANNEL, ESPN AMERICA, ESPN, ESPN2, EUROSPORT, FOX, FX, HBO, MTV, NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC, NBC, SHOWTIME, SKY SPORTS, SPIKE TV, USA NETWORK, TBS, TLC, TNT, Versus and many more for telecast your sporting event. So you can also watch You can also watch live Sport like Boxing, rugby, NBA, Baseball, MLB, Football, rugby, Tennis ATP and WTA, Fussball, Snooker, Bundesliga, Premier League, rugby, rugby, College Football, NCCA, Golf, PGA, Motorsport, Nascar, Formula 1, Cricket, Handball, Volley here in live flash streaming. We Are Embedding Live Streams from Justin.tv, ATDHE, MYP2P, Lemonsport, Livescorehunter and Many More. You will never have to pay for any service just enjoy streaming live Television, Videos and Sports. live rugby League, live rugby League free, live sports,     brought cast,   internet, ONSW vs Queensland Live match preview, NSW vs Queensland Live online free stream, NSW vs Queensland Live online on tv, NSW vs Queensland Live online streaming, NSW vs Queensland Live online tv,   spot cast, O  stream,   stream online, NSW vs Queensland Live streaming, NSW vs Queensland Live streaming online, NSW vs Queensland Live telecast free, NSW vs Queensland Live tv free NSW vs Queensland Live,   stream,   stream online,   streaming online, NSW vs Queensland Live match preview, NSW vs Queensland Live online on tv, NSW vs Queensland Live, NSW vs Queensland Live tv free,   online streaming,     streaming, NSW vs Queensland Live spot cast, NSW vs Queensland Live brought cast, NSW vs Queensland Live online free stream, NSW vs Queensland Live telecast free, NSW vs Queensland Live online tv,   internet, tv, live sports, live rugby League, live rugby League free rugby League, live rugby League free, live sports,     brought cast, NSW vs Queensland Live internet, NSW vs Queensland Live match preview, NSW vs Queensland Live online free stream, NSW vs Queensland Live online on tv, NSW vs Queensland Live online streaming, NSW vs Queensland Live online tv,   spot cast,   stream,   stream online, NSW vs Queensland Live streaming, NSW vs Queensland Live streaming online, NSW vs Queensland Live telecast free, NSW vs Queensland Live tv free Posted: 7 May 2015!@#english
File: PLAY TV =Queensland vs NSW Live Stream!@#rugby Preview : Queensland vs NSW Teams Name : Queensland vs NSW Location – Melbourne Cricket Ground, Victoria, Australia. Kick-off Time: 8pm (Time Zone) Date: Game 1: 27 May 2015 ESPN, FxFl, WGN, SUNS TV Channel will broadcast Watch Queensland vs NSW Live Streaming rugby game. rugby 2015 series will be kicking off today with Queensland vs NSW Live. Hey rugby fan what a exclusive rugby match Queensland vs NSW is ! welcome to enjoy Queensland vs NSW Live streaming online rugby game. This game of rugby League 2014-15 seasons. Queensland vs NSW Live rugby streaming online all of you can watch here. please don’t miss this game! Don’t miss to watch this Big game between Queensland vs NSW Live rugby League Online TV right from there . A large TV Channels like ABC, Animal Planet, AXN, BBC, CBS, CNN, CW, DISCOVERY CHANNEL, ESPN AMERICA, ESPN, ESPN2, EUROSPORT, FOX, FX, HBO, MTV, NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC, NBC, SHOWTIME, SKY SPORTS, SPIKE TV, USA NETWORK, TBS, TLC, TNT, Versus and many more for telecast your sporting event. So you can also watch You can also watch live Sport like Boxing, rugby, NBA, Baseball, MLB, Football, rugby, Tennis ATP and WTA, Fussball, Snooker, Bundesliga, Premier League, rugby, rugby, College Football, NCCA, Golf, PGA, Motorsport, Nascar, Formula 1, Cricket, Handball, Volley here in live flash streaming. We Are Embedding Live Streams from Justin.tv, ATDHE, MYP2P, Lemonsport, Livescorehunter and Many More. You will never have to pay for any service just enjoy streaming live Television, Videos and Sports. live rugby League, live rugby League free, live sports,     brought cast,   internet, OQueensland vs NSW Live match preview, Queensland vs NSW Live online free stream, Queensland vs NSW Live online on tv, Queensland vs NSW Live online streaming, Queensland vs NSW Live online tv,   spot cast, O  stream,   stream online, Queensland vs NSW Live streaming, Queensland vs NSW Live streaming online, Queensland vs NSW Live telecast free, Queensland vs NSW Live tv free Queensland vs NSW Live,   stream,   stream online,   streaming online, Queensland vs NSW Live match preview, Queensland vs NSW Live online on tv, Queensland vs NSW Live, Queensland vs NSW Live tv free,   online streaming,     streaming, Queensland vs NSW Live spot cast, Queensland vs NSW Live brought cast, Queensland vs NSW Live online free stream, Queensland vs NSW Live telecast free, Queensland vs NSW Live online tv,   internet, tv, live sports, live rugby League, live rugby League free rugby League, live rugby League free, live sports,     brought cast, Queensland vs NSW Live internet, Queensland vs NSW Live match preview, Queensland vs NSW Live online free stream, Queensland vs NSW Live online on tv, Queensland vs NSW Live online streaming, Queensland vs NSW Live online tv,   spot cast,   stream,   stream online, Queensland vs NSW Live streaming, Queensland vs NSW Live streaming online, Queensland vs NSW Live telecast free, Queensland vs NSW Live tv free Posted: 7 May 2015!@#english
File: RUGBY TV =State Of Origin Live 2015 Game 1!@#rugby Preview : Queensland vs NSW Teams Name : Queensland vs NSW Location – Melbourne Cricket Ground, Victoria, Australia. Kick-off Time: 8pm (Time Zone) Date: Game 1: 27 May 2015 ESPN, FxFl, WGN, SUNS TV Channel will broadcast Watch Queensland vs NSW Live Streaming rugby game. rugby 2015 series will be kicking off today with Queensland vs NSW Live. Hey rugby fan what a exclusive rugby match Queensland vs NSW is ! welcome to enjoy Queensland vs NSW Live streaming online rugby game. This game of rugby League 2014-15 seasons. Queensland vs NSW Live rugby streaming online all of you can watch here. please don’t miss this game! Don’t miss to watch this Big game between Queensland vs NSW Live rugby League Online TV right from there . A large TV Channels like ABC, Animal Planet, AXN, BBC, CBS, CNN, CW, DISCOVERY CHANNEL, ESPN AMERICA, ESPN, ESPN2, EUROSPORT, FOX, FX, HBO, MTV, NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC, NBC, SHOWTIME, SKY SPORTS, SPIKE TV, USA NETWORK, TBS, TLC, TNT, Versus and many more for telecast your sporting event. So you can also watch You can also watch live Sport like Boxing, rugby, NBA, Baseball, MLB, Football, rugby, Tennis ATP and WTA, Fussball, Snooker, Bundesliga, Premier League, rugby, rugby, College Football, NCCA, Golf, PGA, Motorsport, Nascar, Formula 1, Cricket, Handball, Volley here in live flash streaming. We Are Embedding Live Streams from Justin.tv, ATDHE, MYP2P, Lemonsport, Livescorehunter and Many More. You will never have to pay for any service just enjoy streaming live Television, Videos and Sports. live rugby League, live rugby League free, live sports,     brought cast,   internet, OQueensland vs NSW Live match preview, Queensland vs NSW Live online free stream, Queensland vs NSW Live online on tv, Queensland vs NSW Live online streaming, Queensland vs NSW Live online tv,   spot cast, O  stream,   stream online, Queensland vs NSW Live streaming, Queensland vs NSW Live streaming online, Queensland vs NSW Live telecast free, Queensland vs NSW Live tv free Queensland vs NSW Live,   stream,   stream online,   streaming online, Queensland vs NSW Live match preview, Queensland vs NSW Live online on tv, Queensland vs NSW Live, Queensland vs NSW Live tv free,   online streaming,     streaming, Queensland vs NSW Live spot cast, Queensland vs NSW Live brought cast, Queensland vs NSW Live online free stream, Queensland vs NSW Live telecast free, Queensland vs NSW Live online tv,   internet, tv, live sports, live rugby League, live rugby League free rugby League, live rugby League free, live sports,     brought cast, Queensland vs NSW Live internet, Queensland vs NSW Live match preview, Queensland vs NSW Live online free stream, Queensland vs NSW Live online on tv, Queensland vs NSW Live online streaming, Queensland vs NSW Live online tv, QueenslandMaroons vs New South Wales Blues Live spot cast,   stream,   stream online, Queensland vs NSW Live streaming, Queensland vs NSW Live streaming online, Queensland vs NSW Live telecast free, Queensland vs NSW Live tv free Posted: 7 May 2015!@#english
File: PLAY TV =NSW vs Queensland Live!@#rugby Preview : NSW vs Queensland Teams Name : NSW vs Queensland Location – Melbourne Cricket Ground, Victoria, Australia. Kick-off Time: 8pm (Time Zone) Date: Game 1: 27 May 2015 ESPN, FxFl, WGN, SUNS TV Channel will broadcast Watch NSW vs Queensland Live Streaming rugby game. rugby 2015 series will be kicking off today with NSW vs Queensland Live. Hey rugby fan what a exclusive rugby match NSW vs Queensland is ! welcome to enjoy NSW vs Queensland Live streaming online rugby game. This game of rugby League 2014-15 seasons. NSW vs Queensland Live rugby streaming online all of you can watch here. please don’t miss this game! Don’t miss to watch this Big game between NSW vs Queensland Live rugby League Online TV right from there . A large TV Channels like ABC, Animal Planet, AXN, BBC, CBS, CNN, CW, DISCOVERY CHANNEL, ESPN AMERICA, ESPN, ESPN2, EUROSPORT, FOX, FX, HBO, MTV, NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC, NBC, SHOWTIME, SKY SPORTS, SPIKE TV, USA NETWORK, TBS, TLC, TNT, Versus and many more for telecast your sporting event. So you can also watch You can also watch live Sport like Boxing, rugby, NBA, Baseball, MLB, Football, rugby, Tennis ATP and WTA, Fussball, Snooker, Bundesliga, Premier League, rugby, rugby, College Football, NCCA, Golf, PGA, Motorsport, Nascar, Formula 1, Cricket, Handball, Volley here in live flash streaming. We Are Embedding Live Streams from Justin.tv, ATDHE, MYP2P, Lemonsport, Livescorehunter and Many More. You will never have to pay for any service just enjoy streaming live Television, Videos and Sports. live rugby League, live rugby League free, live sports,     brought cast,   internet, ONSW vs Queensland Live match preview, NSW vs Queensland Live online free stream, NSW vs Queensland Live online on tv, NSW vs Queensland Live online streaming, NSW vs Queensland Live online tv,   spot cast, O  stream,   stream online, NSW vs Queensland Live streaming, NSW vs Queensland Live streaming online, NSW vs Queensland Live telecast free, NSW vs Queensland Live tv free NSW vs Queensland Live,   stream,   stream online,   streaming online, NSW vs Queensland Live match preview, NSW vs Queensland Live online on tv, NSW vs Queensland Live, NSW vs Queensland Live tv free,   online streaming,     streaming, NSW vs Queensland Live spot cast, NSW vs Queensland Live brought cast, NSW vs Queensland Live online free stream, NSW vs Queensland Live telecast free, NSW vs Queensland Live online tv,   internet, tv, live sports, live rugby League, live rugby League free rugby League, live rugby League free, live sports,     brought cast, NSW vs Queensland Live internet, NSW vs Queensland Live match preview, NSW vs Queensland Live online free stream, NSW vs Queensland Live online on tv, NSW vs Queensland Live online streaming, NSW vs Queensland Live online tv,   spot cast,   stream,   stream online, NSW vs Queensland Live streaming, NSW vs Queensland Live streaming online, NSW vs Queensland Live telecast free, NSW vs Queensland Live tv free Posted: 7 May 2015!@#english
File: LIVE TV =Queensland vs NSW Live!@#rugby Preview : Queensland vs NSW Teams Name : Queensland vs NSW Location – Melbourne Cricket Ground, Victoria, Australia. Kick-off Time: 8pm (Time Zone) Date: Game 1: 27 May 2015 ESPN, FxFl, WGN, SUNS TV Channel will broadcast Watch Queensland vs NSW Live Streaming rugby game. rugby 2015 series will be kicking off today with Queensland vs NSW Live. Hey rugby fan what a exclusive rugby match Queensland vs NSW is ! welcome to enjoy Queensland vs NSW Live streaming online rugby game. This game of rugby League 2014-15 seasons. Queensland vs NSW Live rugby streaming online all of you can watch here. please don’t miss this game! Don’t miss to watch this Big game between Queensland vs NSW Live rugby League Online TV right from there . A large TV Channels like ABC, Animal Planet, AXN, BBC, CBS, CNN, CW, DISCOVERY CHANNEL, ESPN AMERICA, ESPN, ESPN2, EUROSPORT, FOX, FX, HBO, MTV, NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC, NBC, SHOWTIME, SKY SPORTS, SPIKE TV, USA NETWORK, TBS, TLC, TNT, Versus and many more for telecast your sporting event. So you can also watch You can also watch live Sport like Boxing, rugby, NBA, Baseball, MLB, Football, rugby, Tennis ATP and WTA, Fussball, Snooker, Bundesliga, Premier League, rugby, rugby, College Football, NCCA, Golf, PGA, Motorsport, Nascar, Formula 1, Cricket, Handball, Volley here in live flash streaming. We Are Embedding Live Streams from Justin.tv, ATDHE, MYP2P, Lemonsport, Livescorehunter and Many More. You will never have to pay for any service just enjoy streaming live Television, Videos and Sports. live rugby League, live rugby League free, live sports,     brought cast,   internet, OQueensland vs NSW Live match preview, Queensland vs NSW Live online free stream, Queensland vs NSW Live online on tv, Queensland vs NSW Live online streaming, Queensland vs NSW Live online tv,   spot cast, O  stream,   stream online, Queensland vs NSW Live streaming, Queensland vs NSW Live streaming online, Queensland vs NSW Live telecast free, Queensland vs NSW Live tv free Queensland vs NSW Live,   stream,   stream online,   streaming online, Queensland vs NSW Live match preview, Queensland vs NSW Live online on tv, Queensland vs NSW Live, Queensland vs NSW Live tv free,   online streaming,     streaming, Queensland vs NSW Live spot cast, Queensland vs NSW Live brought cast, Queensland vs NSW Live online free stream, Queensland vs NSW Live telecast free, Queensland vs NSW Live online tv,   internet, tv, live sports, live rugby League, live rugby League free rugby League, live rugby League free, live sports,     brought cast, Queensland vs NSW Live internet, Queensland vs NSW Live match preview, Queensland vs NSW Live online free stream, Queensland vs NSW Live online on tv, Queensland vs NSW Live online streaming, Queensland vs NSW Live online tv,   spot cast,   stream,   stream online, Queensland vs NSW Live streaming, Queensland vs NSW Live streaming online, Queensland vs NSW Live telecast free, Queensland vs NSW Live tv free Posted: 6 May 2015!@#english
File: RUGBY TV =State Of Origin Live!@#rugby Preview : Queensland vs NSW Teams Name : Queensland vs NSW Location – Melbourne Cricket Ground, Victoria, Australia. Kick-off Time: 8pm (Time Zone) Date: Game 1: 27 May 2015 ESPN, FxFl, WGN, SUNS TV Channel will broadcast Watch Queensland vs NSW Live Streaming rugby game. rugby 2015 series will be kicking off today with Queensland vs NSW Live. Hey rugby fan what a exclusive rugby match Queensland vs NSW is ! welcome to enjoy Queensland vs NSW Live streaming online rugby game. This game of rugby League 2014-15 seasons. Queensland vs NSW Live rugby streaming online all of you can watch here. please don’t miss this game! Don’t miss to watch this Big game between Queensland vs NSW Live rugby League Online TV right from there . A large TV Channels like ABC, Animal Planet, AXN, BBC, CBS, CNN, CW, DISCOVERY CHANNEL, ESPN AMERICA, ESPN, ESPN2, EUROSPORT, FOX, FX, HBO, MTV, NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC, NBC, SHOWTIME, SKY SPORTS, SPIKE TV, USA NETWORK, TBS, TLC, TNT, Versus and many more for telecast your sporting event. So you can also watch You can also watch live Sport like Boxing, rugby, NBA, Baseball, MLB, Football, rugby, Tennis ATP and WTA, Fussball, Snooker, Bundesliga, Premier League, rugby, rugby, College Football, NCCA, Golf, PGA, Motorsport, Nascar, Formula 1, Cricket, Handball, Volley here in live flash streaming. We Are Embedding Live Streams from Justin.tv, ATDHE, MYP2P, Lemonsport, Livescorehunter and Many More. You will never have to pay for any service just enjoy streaming live Television, Videos and Sports. live rugby League, live rugby League free, live sports,     brought cast,   internet, OQueensland vs NSW Live match preview, Queensland vs NSW Live online free stream, Queensland vs NSW Live online on tv, Queensland vs NSW Live online streaming, Queensland vs NSW Live online tv,   spot cast, O  stream,   stream online, Queensland vs NSW Live streaming, Queensland vs NSW Live streaming online, Queensland vs NSW Live telecast free, Queensland vs NSW Live tv free Queensland vs NSW Live,   stream,   stream online,   streaming online, Queensland vs NSW Live match preview, Queensland vs NSW Live online on tv, Queensland vs NSW Live, Queensland vs NSW Live tv free,   online streaming,     streaming, Queensland vs NSW Live spot cast, Queensland vs NSW Live brought cast, Queensland vs NSW Live online free stream, Queensland vs NSW Live telecast free, Queensland vs NSW Live online tv,   internet, tv, live sports, live rugby League, live rugby League free rugby League, live rugby League free, live sports,     brought cast, Queensland vs NSW Live internet, Queensland vs NSW Live match preview, Queensland vs NSW Live online free stream, Queensland vs NSW Live online on tv, Queensland vs NSW Live online streaming, Queensland vs NSW Live online tv,   spot cast,   stream,   stream online, Queensland vs NSW Live streaming, Queensland vs NSW Live streaming online, Queensland vs NSW Live telecast free, Queensland vs NSW Live tv free Posted: 6 May 2015!@#english
File: PLAY TV =Queensland Maroons vs New South Wales Blues Live Stream!@#rugby Preview : Queensland Maroons vs New South Wales Blues Teams Name : Queensland Maroons vs New South Wales Blues Location – Melbourne Cricket Ground, Victoria, Australia. Kick-off Time: 8pm (Time Zone) Date: Game 1: 27 May 2015 ESPN, FxFl, WGN, SUNS TV Channel will broadcast Watch   Streaming rugby game. rugby 2015 series will be kicking off today with  . Hey rugby fan what a exclusive rugby match Queensland Maroons vs New South Wales Blues is ! welcome to enjoy   streaming online rugby game. This game of rugby League 2014-15 seasons.   rugby streaming online all of you can watch here. please don’t miss this game! Don’t miss to watch this Big game between   rugby League Online TV right from there . A large TV Channels like ABC, Animal Planet, AXN, BBC, CBS, CNN, CW, DISCOVERY CHANNEL, ESPN AMERICA, ESPN, ESPN2, EUROSPORT, FOX, FX, HBO, MTV, NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC, NBC, SHOWTIME, SKY SPORTS, SPIKE TV, USA NETWORK, TBS, TLC, TNT, Versus and many more for telecast your sporting event. So you can also watch You can also watch live Sport like Boxing, rugby, NBA, Baseball, MLB, Football, rugby, Tennis ATP and WTA, Fussball, Snooker, Bundesliga, Premier League, rugby, rugby, College Football, NCCA, Golf, PGA, Motorsport, Nascar, Formula 1, Cricket, Handball, Volley here in live flash streaming. We Are Embedding Live Streams from Justin.tv, ATDHE, MYP2P, Lemonsport, Livescorehunter and Many More. You will never have to pay for any service just enjoy streaming live Television, Videos and Sports. live rugby League, live rugby League free, live sports,     brought cast,   internet, O  match preview,   online free stream,   online on tv,   online streaming,   online tv,   spot cast, O  stream,   stream online,   streaming,   streaming online,   telecast free,   tv free     stream,   stream online,   streaming online,   match preview,   online on tv,     tv free,   online streaming,     streaming,   spot cast,   brought cast,   online free stream,   telecast free,   online tv,   internet, tv, live sports, live rugby League, live rugby League free rugby League, live rugby League free, live sports,     brought cast,   internet,   match preview,   online free stream,   online on tv,   online streaming,   online tv,   spot cast,   stream,   stream online,   streaming,   streaming online,   telecast free,   tv free Posted: 6 May 2015!@#english
File: YES TV NSW vs Queensland Live Stream!@#rugby Preview : NSW vs Queensland Teams Name : NSW vs Queensland Location – Melbourne Cricket Ground, Victoria, Australia. Kick-off Time: 8pm (Time Zone) Date: Game 1: 27 May 2015 ESPN, FxFl, WGN, SUNS TV Channel will broadcast Watch NSW vs Queensland Live Streaming rugby game. rugby 2015 series will be kicking off today with NSW vs Queensland Live. Hey rugby fan what a exclusive rugby match NSW vs Queensland is ! welcome to enjoy NSW vs Queensland Live streaming online rugby game. This game of rugby League 2014-15 seasons. NSW vs Queensland Live rugby streaming online all of you can watch here. please don’t miss this game! Don’t miss to watch this Big game between NSW vs Queensland Live rugby League Online TV right from there . A large TV Channels like ABC, Animal Planet, AXN, BBC, CBS, CNN, CW, DISCOVERY CHANNEL, ESPN AMERICA, ESPN, ESPN2, EUROSPORT, FOX, FX, HBO, MTV, NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC, NBC, SHOWTIME, SKY SPORTS, SPIKE TV, USA NETWORK, TBS, TLC, TNT, Versus and many more for telecast your sporting event. So you can also watch You can also watch live Sport like Boxing, rugby, NBA, Baseball, MLB, Football, rugby, Tennis ATP and WTA, Fussball, Snooker, Bundesliga, Premier League, rugby, rugby, College Football, NCCA, Golf, PGA, Motorsport, Nascar, Formula 1, Cricket, Handball, Volley here in live flash streaming. We Are Embedding Live Streams from Justin.tv, ATDHE, MYP2P, Lemonsport, Livescorehunter and Many More. You will never have to pay for any service just enjoy streaming live Television, Videos and Sports. live rugby League, live rugby League free, live sports,     brought cast,   internet, ONSW vs Queensland Live match preview, NSW vs Queensland Live online free stream, NSW vs Queensland Live online on tv, NSW vs Queensland Live online streaming, NSW vs Queensland Live online tv,   spot cast, O  stream,   stream online, NSW vs Queensland Live streaming, NSW vs Queensland Live streaming online, NSW vs Queensland Live telecast free, NSW vs Queensland Live tv free NSW vs Queensland Live,   stream,   stream online,   streaming online, NSW vs Queensland Live match preview, NSW vs Queensland Live online on tv, NSW vs Queensland Live, NSW vs Queensland Live tv free,   online streaming,     streaming, NSW vs Queensland Live spot cast, NSW vs Queensland Live brought cast, NSW vs Queensland Live online free stream, NSW vs Queensland Live telecast free, NSW vs Queensland Live online tv,   internet, tv, live sports, live rugby League, live rugby League free rugby League, live rugby League free, live sports,     brought cast, NSW vs Queensland Live internet, NSW vs Queensland Live match preview, NSW vs Queensland Live online free stream, NSW vs Queensland Live online on tv, NSW vs Queensland Live online streaming, NSW vs Queensland Live online tv,   spot cast,   stream,   stream online, NSW vs Queensland Live streaming, NSW vs Queensland Live streaming online, NSW vs Queensland Live telecast free, NSW vs Queensland Live tv free Posted: 6 May 2015!@#english
File: PLAY TV Queensland vs NSW Live Stream!@#rugby Preview : Queensland vs NSW Teams Name : Queensland vs NSW Location – Melbourne Cricket Ground, Victoria, Australia. Kick-off Time: 8pm (Time Zone) Date: Game 1: 27 May 2015 ESPN, FxFl, WGN, SUNS TV Channel will broadcast Watch Queensland vs NSW Live Streaming rugby game. rugby 2015 series will be kicking off today with Queensland vs NSW Live. Hey rugby fan what a exclusive rugby match Queensland vs NSW is ! welcome to enjoy Queensland vs NSW Live streaming online rugby game. This game of rugby League 2014-15 seasons. Queensland vs NSW Live rugby streaming online all of you can watch here. please don’t miss this game! Don’t miss to watch this Big game between Queensland vs NSW Live rugby League Online TV right from there . A large TV Channels like ABC, Animal Planet, AXN, BBC, CBS, CNN, CW, DISCOVERY CHANNEL, ESPN AMERICA, ESPN, ESPN2, EUROSPORT, FOX, FX, HBO, MTV, NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC, NBC, SHOWTIME, SKY SPORTS, SPIKE TV, USA NETWORK, TBS, TLC, TNT, Versus and many more for telecast your sporting event. So you can also watch You can also watch live Sport like Boxing, rugby, NBA, Baseball, MLB, Football, rugby, Tennis ATP and WTA, Fussball, Snooker, Bundesliga, Premier League, rugby, rugby, College Football, NCCA, Golf, PGA, Motorsport, Nascar, Formula 1, Cricket, Handball, Volley here in live flash streaming. We Are Embedding Live Streams from Justin.tv, ATDHE, MYP2P, Lemonsport, Livescorehunter and Many More. You will never have to pay for any service just enjoy streaming live Television, Videos and Sports. live rugby League, live rugby League free, live sports,     brought cast,   internet, OQueensland vs NSW Live match preview, Queensland vs NSW Live online free stream, Queensland vs NSW Live online on tv, Queensland vs NSW Live online streaming, Queensland vs NSW Live online tv,   spot cast, O  stream,   stream online, Queensland vs NSW Live streaming, Queensland vs NSW Live streaming online, Queensland vs NSW Live telecast free, Queensland vs NSW Live tv free Queensland vs NSW Live,   stream,   stream online,   streaming online, Queensland vs NSW Live match preview, Queensland vs NSW Live online on tv, Queensland vs NSW Live, Queensland vs NSW Live tv free,   online streaming,     streaming, Queensland vs NSW Live spot cast, Queensland vs NSW Live brought cast, Queensland vs NSW Live online free stream, Queensland vs NSW Live telecast free, Queensland vs NSW Live online tv,   internet, tv, live sports, live rugby League, live rugby League free rugby League, live rugby League free, live sports,     brought cast, Queensland vs NSW Live internet, Queensland vs NSW Live match preview, Queensland vs NSW Live online free stream, Queensland vs NSW Live online on tv, Queensland vs NSW Live online streaming, Queensland vs NSW Live online tv,   spot cast,   stream,   stream online, Queensland vs NSW Live streaming, Queensland vs NSW Live streaming online, Queensland vs NSW Live telecast free, Queensland vs NSW Live tv free Posted: 6 May 2015!@#english
File: GET TV New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live Stream!@#rugby Preview : New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Teams Name : New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Location – Melbourne Cricket Ground, Victoria, Australia. Kick-off Time: 8pm (Time Zone) Date: Game 1: 27 May 2015 ESPN, FxFl, WGN, SUNS TV Channel will broadcast Watch New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live Streaming rugby game. rugby 2015 series will be kicking off today with New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live. Hey rugby fan what a exclusive rugby match New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons is ! welcome to enjoy New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live streaming online rugby game. This game of rugby League 2014-15 seasons. New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live rugby streaming online all of you can watch here. please don’t miss this game! Don’t miss to watch this Big game between New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live rugby League Online TV right from there . A large TV Channels like ABC, Animal Planet, AXN, BBC, CBS, CNN, CW, DISCOVERY CHANNEL, ESPN AMERICA, ESPN, ESPN2, EUROSPORT, FOX, FX, HBO, MTV, NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC, NBC, SHOWTIME, SKY SPORTS, SPIKE TV, USA NETWORK, TBS, TLC, TNT, Versus and many more for telecast your sporting event. So you can also watch You can also watch live Sport like Boxing, rugby, NBA, Baseball, MLB, Football, rugby, Tennis ATP and WTA, Fussball, Snooker, Bundesliga, Premier League, rugby, rugby, College Football, NCCA, Golf, PGA, Motorsport, Nascar, Formula 1, Cricket, Handball, Volley here in live flash streaming. We Are Embedding Live Streams from Justin.tv, ATDHE, MYP2P, Lemonsport, Livescorehunter and Many More. You will never have to pay for any service just enjoy streaming live Television, Videos and Sports. live rugby League, live rugby League free, live sports,     brought cast,   internet, ONew South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live match preview, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live online free stream, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live online on tv, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live online streaming, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live online tv,   spot cast, O  stream,   stream online, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live streaming, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live streaming online, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live telecast free, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live tv free New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live,   stream,   stream online,   streaming online, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live match preview, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live online on tv, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live tv free,   online streaming,     streaming, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live spot cast, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live brought cast, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live online free stream, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live telecast free, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live online tv,   internet, tv, live sports, live rugby League, live rugby League free rugby League, live rugby League free, live sports,     brought cast, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live internet, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live match preview, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live online free stream, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live online on tv, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live online streaming, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live online tv,   spot cast,   stream,   stream online, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live streaming, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live streaming online, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live telecast free, New South Wales Blues vs Queensland Maroons Live tv free Posted: 6 May 2015!@#english
File: RUGBY TV =State Of Origin Live 2015 Game 1!@#rugby Preview : Queensland vs NSW Teams Name : Queensland vs NSW Location – Melbourne Cricket Ground, Victoria, Australia. Kick-off Time: 8pm (Time Zone) Date: Game 1: 27 May 2015 ESPN, FxFl, WGN, SUNS TV Channel will broadcast Watch Queensland vs NSW Live Streaming rugby game. rugby 2015 series will be kicking off today with Queensland vs NSW Live. Hey rugby fan what a exclusive rugby match Queensland vs NSW is ! welcome to enjoy Queensland vs NSW Live streaming online rugby game. This game of rugby League 2014-15 seasons. Queensland vs NSW Live rugby streaming online all of you can watch here. please don’t miss this game! Don’t miss to watch this Big game between Queensland vs NSW Live rugby League Online TV right from there . A large TV Channels like ABC, Animal Planet, AXN, BBC, CBS, CNN, CW, DISCOVERY CHANNEL, ESPN AMERICA, ESPN, ESPN2, EUROSPORT, FOX, FX, HBO, MTV, NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC, NBC, SHOWTIME, SKY SPORTS, SPIKE TV, USA NETWORK, TBS, TLC, TNT, Versus and many more for telecast your sporting event. So you can also watch You can also watch live Sport like Boxing, rugby, NBA, Baseball, MLB, Football, rugby, Tennis ATP and WTA, Fussball, Snooker, Bundesliga, Premier League, rugby, rugby, College Football, NCCA, Golf, PGA, Motorsport, Nascar, Formula 1, Cricket, Handball, Volley here in live flash streaming. We Are Embedding Live Streams from Justin.tv, ATDHE, MYP2P, Lemonsport, Livescorehunter and Many More. You will never have to pay for any service just enjoy streaming live Television, Videos and Sports. live rugby League, live rugby League free, live sports,     brought cast,   internet, OQueensland vs NSW Live match preview, Queensland vs NSW Live online free stream, Queensland vs NSW Live online on tv, Queensland vs NSW Live online streaming, Queensland vs NSW Live online tv,   spot cast, O  stream,   stream online, Queensland vs NSW Live streaming, Queensland vs NSW Live streaming online, Queensland vs NSW Live telecast free, Queensland vs NSW Live tv free Queensland vs NSW Live,   stream,   stream online,   streaming online, Queensland vs NSW Live match preview, Queensland vs NSW Live online on tv, Queensland vs NSW Live, Queensland vs NSW Live tv free,   online streaming,     streaming, Queensland vs NSW Live spot cast, Queensland vs NSW Live brought cast, Queensland vs NSW Live online free stream, Queensland vs NSW Live telecast free, Queensland vs NSW Live online tv,   internet, tv, live sports, live rugby League, live rugby League free rugby League, live rugby League free, live sports,     brought cast, Queensland vs NSW Live internet, Queensland vs NSW Live match preview, Queensland vs NSW Live online free stream, Queensland vs NSW Live online on tv, Queensland vs NSW Live online streaming, Queensland vs NSW Live online tv,   spot cast,   stream,   stream online, Queensland vs NSW Live streaming, Queensland vs NSW Live streaming online, Queensland vs NSW Live telecast free, Queensland vs NSW Live tv free Posted: 6 May 2015!@#english
!@#Originally Posted by Neferpitou ^I'm fine with your opinion. Just wanted to know the reasons. They still aren't clear but I have some idea. Well for now, I can only say that I can't have him higher because Unlike Ambrose, Hadlee was a late developer. He was quite ordinary in his first 17 tests but he has similar stats as Ambrose in rest of his career. And like Ambrose, he never struggled anywhere. But since there was no one to share his burden, he is just a notch higher than Ambrose in my book. Lillee as I said earlier carried the fast bowling legacy from one generation to another. Post Trueman, barring Wes Hall, there was no ATG bowler for a decade and it was a dying art. It was Lillee who sparked the fast bowling venom, and inspired Lloyd to find decent pacers in WI thus forming a WI quartet of pacers in 80's. Ambrose was the product of that spark ignited by Lillee. Plus he was much more valuable to his team than Ambrose was to his team. Aus lost the Ashes 5-1 when Lillee was injured and couldn't play. While WI lose 5-0 to SA even when Ambrose was playing! (Thats one of the reason I don't want to dissect the micro details because you have to degrade an ATG to prove your point, although that was never my intention). Lillee was statistically was more valuable match-winner. Imran was more or less the sole reason (with due respect to Miandad) why Pakistan was the second best team of 80's while Ambrose was one of the reason why WI were at the top. If he was the only reason, WI could have hold on to #1 spot, after Viv retired but they couldn't. Plus Imran had sensational peak and he was unfortunate that Pakistan couldn't get more cricket during those days, while Ambrose got plenty of cricket in his peak. Just to compare, Imran's best 8 year period had 40+ tests only at an average of 17 while those of Ambrose have close to 70 tests at an average of about 20. Wasim was just pure skill and class. Had much more methods of taking wickets then Ambrose. Ponting once said that both Wasim and Ambrose are tough to face, if you restrain yourself, you can play run-less spells of Ambi, Wasim will give you some runs but he is bound to bowl a delivery, which will get you out. (Not the exact Quote: but it was something similar to this) McGrath was probably more refined form of Ambrose. No batsman can claim to have mastered McGrath, when he has bowled to significantly greater number of ATG batsman, who were at initial stages of their career during Ambrose career. Ambrose joined WI team at their peak and couldn't prevent them from declining, while McGrath joined Aus, when they were in building process and he was the responsible (along with some others) for Aus later becoming #1 team and stayed there till his retirement. Statistically not much to differentiate, but add that 3 WC winning campaigns in McGrath's CV, it will weigh significantly heavier. Barners and Marshall are undisputed imo. So I won't be discussing them. Hope you are convinced, if not, lets accept each others' opinions and move on!!@#english
!@#> I suggest 1 match ball - like it should be. If there's a problem, > bring on the spare. > This isn't cricket. The footballs are changed often because they might be wet or frozen or whatever and the game requires a lot of different skills that will conflict with each other regarding the football. American football is highly specialized, there are three different types of kicks, the punt, the kick off and the field goal. A fourth if you allow that they can do a drop kick. Because inflation levels are so important for that aspect, they long ago sequestered the footballs for that to prevent gaming them. But then different inflation levels are good for throwing the ball and different ones for running. Since the footballs from your side are being handed in by your guys, they could even choose which ones depending on what play you wanted to run next. Obviously if you allow any amount of inflation though, if you're going to run, you are going for seriously flat. So there needs to be limits on this, what happens if you fumble and the other team gets the ball and it behaves completely different from expectation? The bounce of an American football would become much less erratic if was, you know, totally flat.!@#english
File: ENJOY TV =Queensland Maroons vs New South Wales Blues Live!@#rugby Preview : Queensland Maroons vs New South Wales Blues Teams Name : Queensland Maroons vs New South Wales Blues Location – Melbourne Cricket Ground, Victoria, Australia. Kick-off Time: 8pm (Time Zone) Date: Game 1: 27 May 2015 ESPN, FxFl, WGN, SUNS TV Channel will broadcast Watch   Streaming rugby game. rugby 2015 series will be kicking off today with  . Hey rugby fan what a exclusive rugby match Queensland Maroons vs New South Wales Blues is ! welcome to enjoy   streaming online rugby game. This game of rugby League 2014-15 seasons.   rugby streaming online all of you can watch here. please don’t miss this game! Don’t miss to watch this Big game between   rugby League Online TV right from there . A large TV Channels like ABC, Animal Planet, AXN, BBC, CBS, CNN, CW, DISCOVERY CHANNEL, ESPN AMERICA, ESPN, ESPN2, EUROSPORT, FOX, FX, HBO, MTV, NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC, NBC, SHOWTIME, SKY SPORTS, SPIKE TV, USA NETWORK, TBS, TLC, TNT, Versus and many more for telecast your sporting event. So you can also watch You can also watch live Sport like Boxing, rugby, NBA, Baseball, MLB, Football, rugby, Tennis ATP and WTA, Fussball, Snooker, Bundesliga, Premier League, rugby, rugby, College Football, NCCA, Golf, PGA, Motorsport, Nascar, Formula 1, Cricket, Handball, Volley here in live flash streaming. We Are Embedding Live Streams from Justin.tv, ATDHE, MYP2P, Lemonsport, Livescorehunter and Many More. You will never have to pay for any service just enjoy streaming live Television, Videos and Sports. live rugby League, live rugby League free, live sports,     brought cast,   internet, O  match preview,   online free stream,   online on tv,   online streaming,   online tv,   spot cast, O  stream,   stream online,   streaming,   streaming online,   telecast free,   tv free     stream,   stream online,   streaming online,   match preview,   online on tv,     tv free,   online streaming,     streaming,   spot cast,   brought cast,   online free stream,   telecast free,   online tv,   internet, tv, live sports, live rugby League, live rugby League free rugby League, live rugby League free, live sports,     brought cast,   internet,   match preview,   online free stream,   online on tv,   online streaming,   online tv,   spot cast,   stream,   stream online,   streaming,   streaming online,   telecast free,   tv free Posted: 7 May 2015!@#english
File: RUGBY TV =State Of Origin Live 2015 Game 1!@#rugby Preview : Queensland vs NSW Teams Name : Queensland vs NSW Location – Melbourne Cricket Ground, Victoria, Australia. Kick-off Time: 8pm (Time Zone) Date: Game 1: 27 May 2015 ESPN, FxFl, WGN, SUNS TV Channel will broadcast Watch Queensland vs NSW Live Streaming rugby game. rugby 2015 series will be kicking off today with Queensland vs NSW Live. Hey rugby fan what a exclusive rugby match Queensland vs NSW is ! welcome to enjoy Queensland vs NSW Live streaming online rugby game. This game of rugby League 2014-15 seasons. Queensland vs NSW Live rugby streaming online all of you can watch here. please don’t miss this game! Don’t miss to watch this Big game between Queensland vs NSW Live rugby League Online TV right from there . A large TV Channels like ABC, Animal Planet, AXN, BBC, CBS, CNN, CW, DISCOVERY CHANNEL, ESPN AMERICA, ESPN, ESPN2, EUROSPORT, FOX, FX, HBO, MTV, NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC, NBC, SHOWTIME, SKY SPORTS, SPIKE TV, USA NETWORK, TBS, TLC, TNT, Versus and many more for telecast your sporting event. So you can also watch You can also watch live Sport like Boxing, rugby, NBA, Baseball, MLB, Football, rugby, Tennis ATP and WTA, Fussball, Snooker, Bundesliga, Premier League, rugby, rugby, College Football, NCCA, Golf, PGA, Motorsport, Nascar, Formula 1, Cricket, Handball, Volley here in live flash streaming. We Are Embedding Live Streams from Justin.tv, ATDHE, MYP2P, Lemonsport, Livescorehunter and Many More. You will never have to pay for any service just enjoy streaming live Television, Videos and Sports. live rugby League, live rugby League free, live sports,     brought cast,   internet, OQueensland vs NSW Live match preview, Queensland vs NSW Live online free stream, Queensland vs NSW Live online on tv, Queensland vs NSW Live online streaming, Queensland vs NSW Live online tv,   spot cast, O  stream,   stream online, Queensland vs NSW Live streaming, Queensland vs NSW Live streaming online, Queensland vs NSW Live telecast free, Queensland vs NSW Live tv free Queensland vs NSW Live,   stream,   stream online,   streaming online, Queensland vs NSW Live match preview, Queensland vs NSW Live online on tv, Queensland vs NSW Live, Queensland vs NSW Live tv free,   online streaming,     streaming, Queensland vs NSW Live spot cast, Queensland vs NSW Live brought cast, Queensland vs NSW Live online free stream, Queensland vs NSW Live telecast free, Queensland vs NSW Live online tv,   internet, tv, live sports, live rugby League, live rugby League free rugby League, live rugby League free, live sports,     brought cast, Queensland vs NSW Live internet, Queensland vs NSW Live match preview, Queensland vs NSW Live online free stream, Queensland vs NSW Live online on tv, Queensland vs NSW Live online streaming, Queensland vs NSW Live online tv,   spot cast,   stream,   stream online, Queensland vs NSW Live streaming, Queensland vs NSW Live streaming online, Queensland vs NSW Live telecast free, Queensland vs NSW Live tv free Posted: 7 May 2015!@#english
