Mumbai Indians beat Delhi Daredevils by five wickets!@#Mumbai Indians beat Delhi Daredevils by five wickets May 06 2015 Mumbai, May 6 : Mumbai Indians beat Delhi Daredevils by five wickets in their Indian Premier League (IPL) encounter at the Wankhede Stadium here on Tuesday. For Mumbai, Ambati Rayudu and Kieron Pollard remained unbeaten on 49 and 26 runs respectively, followed by Rohit Sharma on 46. Source: IANS Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Recent Apr 2015 
Newsreporter.in is a complete news site where you can know about the events, incidents and happenings of the world the same moment when it takes place. Find the world news, local news and also the ones related to your locality and interest. The headlines, details of various events of the world related to all the fields, etc are brought and presented from India as and when it happens. Find all the latest news under different categories like General, Politics, Sports, Entertainment, Science and lots more.!@#english
By: Boria Majumdar Over the past one week or so, there has been much!@#By: Boria Majumdar
Over the past one week or so, there has been much talk about a possible rebel league being conceived by the Essel Group led by Subhash Chandra. That the group has registered a number of cricketing domains since December 2014, set up a number of companies across the cricketing world, and is gradually starting to speak to players to join their stable has caused much flutter in world cricket.
Much has also been said about the group’s poor track record. It wasn’t able to continue with the Indian Cricket League (ICL) and fell to the BCCI’s might and clout. So can a rebel league fly?
The real strength of the initiative is that it comes out of the ICC’s restructuring. The present dispensation at the ICC has converted the game into an ‘Us vs the Rest’ tussle. While the Big Three, India, Australia and England, command the bulk of the revenues and other perks, the rest of the Test-playing countries have been relegated to a second tier.
And the associates, too, are suffering with little respect being accorded to them. That’s where the genesis of this rebel effort lies. Chandra and his team have realised that if they reach out to these neglected and aggrieved boards, they can certainly pitch them against the Big Three.
The ICL, insiders within the Essel Group suggest, failed because it had tried to take on the BCCI. But the moment you start using cricket infrastructure in other nations, this problem of lack of facilities can be addressed. The West Indies Cricket Board (WICB) is already at loggerheads with players. Also, the WICB, involved in a protracted compensation duel with India because of the cancellation of the tour in October 2014, would love serious money coming its way.
Boards like the Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB), which has lost out because their players are not allowed to play the IPL, is yet another soft target for the rebel body. If serious financial incentives come their way, there is no reason why Pakistan will think twice before jumping the ship.
Spreading cricket to markets in the US and China is a singular aim of the Essel initiative. If that happens, the ICC will be faced with a serious challenge in trying to retain its monopoly.
Perhaps the single-biggest concern for the new rebel outfit is how they deal with the BCCI, rather, skirt the influence of the BCCI. Questions over the involvement of Lalit Modi have complicated the matter further. There are murmurs doing the rounds that Modi was very much involved in planning the scheme, although he is not part of it anymore. But given his public fight with the ICC, there is little doubt he will want the scheme to succeed.
It is too early to predict if the league will fly. At the same time it will also be unwise to predict that the new league will not take off. It is, perhaps, best to suggest that there are interesting days ahead for the world game with another Kerry Packer-style invasion looming large on the horizon. Only this time the invasion seems to be more global. And more powerful.!@#english
IPL 8: Rajasthan Royals Look to Further Cement Place in Top Four, Face Sunrisers Hyderabad!@#IPL 8: Rajasthan Royals Look to Further Cement Place in Top Four, Face Sunrisers Hyderabad IPL 8: Rajasthan Royals Look to Further Cement Place in Top Four, Face Sunrisers Hyderabad Second in the points table, Rajasthan Royals have played a dominant brand of cricket in IPL 8 so far. Sunrisers Hyderabad have been quite the opposite and are a place from last in the points table. Last updated on Wednesday, 06 May, 2015 12:31 IST Total Shares All eyes would be on Ajinkya Rahane once again as he looks to add to his IPL 8 batting total. © BCCI 
Mumbai: After snapping their losing streak with a win over Delhi Daredevils, Rajasthan Royals will now look to keep themselves on course for a play-off berth with another dominating show against an inconsistent Sunrisers Hyderabad in their IPL cricket game on Thursday. 
The Royals had blasted off to a great start by winning first five matches, before losing their way a bit with three losses and two no results but the 14-run win over Delhi on Sunday arrested the slide. 
The Shane Watson-led squad would be keen to regain their focus after a short break and apply the knock-out punch on Sunrisers tomorrow as another win could virtually ensure their berth in the play-offs with two games left in hand. 
Sunrisers, on the other hand, have blown hot and cold right through the tournament and are currently placed at the second-last rung of the points table but the David Warner-led side will have a chance to avenge their humiliating 6-wicket defeat to the Royals at Vishakapatnam on April 16. 
Lack of consistency has been Sunrisers' bane and they need to regroup and show the sort of form they displayed during their 22-run win over league leaders Chennai Super Kings last Saturday before slumping to a loss against defending champions Kolkata knight Riders two days ago. 
It's seen that generally whenever their openers - captain Warner and Shikhar Dhawan - fail to provide a good start, the rest of the Sunrisers' batting line-up comes a cropper, which makes the innings launch a very important factor for the Hyderabad franchise. 
They have a good seam bowling attack led by the likes of Dale Steyn and Trent Boult and backed up by Indian seamers such as Bhuvaneshwar and Praveen Kumar, but lack sufficient sting in the spin department even though they have added left-arm Bipul Sharma to complement leg-spinner Karn Sharma. 
Royals have a strong batting order led by opener and tournament's highest scorer Ajinkya Rahane, besides captain Shane Watson and Steve Smith to nullify the Sun Risers' attack and post a big score or chase one. 
Two young batsmen came to the fore in Royals' last two games with Sanju Samson blasting a brilliant 76 albeit for a losing cause against MI at the Wankhede Stadium and then Karun Nair scoring a quick-fire 61 against Delhi at the Brabourne. 
Their exploits show Royals have other batsmen also to fall back on, apart from the top three. 
Royals also possess enough fire-power in their bowling attack with Tim Southee, Dhawal Kulkarni and Watson to trouble the shaky and top-heavy Sun Risers batting. 
Royals, thus, definitely hold a slight edge against the inconsistent Sunrisers for whom this is a make or break game as a defeat would virtually end their chances of making the top four. 
Rival teams (from): 
Sunrisers Hyderabad: David Warner (C), Shikhar Dhawan, Lokesh Rahul, Naman Ojha, Kane Williamson, Dale Steyn, Moises Henriques, Eoin Morgan, Ravi Bopara, Trent Boult, Parveez Rasool, Karn Sharma, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Ishant Sharma, Ashish Reddy, Ricky Bhui, Chama Milind, Praveen Kumar, Hanuma Vihari, Prasanth Padmanabhan, Siddarth Kaul. Bipul Sharma. 
Rajasthan Royals: Shane Watson (C), Ajinkya Rahane, Steve Smith, James Faulkner, Deepak Hooda, Sanju Samson, Karun Nair, Dhawal Kuikarni, Tim Southee, Stuart Binny, Chris Morris, Pravin Tambe, Abhishek Nayar, Pardeep Sahu, Rusty Theron, Dinesh Salunkhe, Vikramjit Malik, Rahul Tewatia, Rajat Bhatia, Sagar Trivedi, Dishant Yagnik and Ankit Sharma. 
  Wednesday, 06 May 2015 11:27 IST 
For the latest Cricket news , Score , like  !@#english
IPL 2015: With top-4 race peaking, RCB take on Kings XI!@#BENGALURU: With the scramble for the top four positions having started, Royal Challengers Bangalore will hope to be in the forefront when they host the misfiring Kings XI Punjab at the M Chinnaswamy stadium on Wednesday.
Full coverage: Indian Premier League 2015
With nine points after four wins, four defeats and one match abandoned due to rain, RCB are at the crossroads and cannot afford to slip up in their remaining five matches. They are in the top half of the points table and need to consolidate on that.
After their initial struggles, RCB have showed improved performances but have been guilty of frittering away opportunities. Against CSK at the Chidambaram Stadium on Monday, RCB were on course for a victory with Virat Kohli and Dinesh Karthik anchoring the chase. However, they were out of the contest when Dwayne Bravo ran out Kohli and suffered a 24-run defeat.
In their previous home match, RCB managed to post a season-high total of 200 against Rajasthan, but rain played spoilsport as the teams settled for a point each. Kohli's men did well against KKR in another rain-curtailed showdown.
It was their toothless bowling in the initial phase of the tournament that cost them matches. But the arrival of pacer Mitchell Starc and minor shuffling in the bowling set-up began to show results. Their batting too has come good with youngsters like Mandeep Singh and Sarfaraz Khan stepping up and making significant contributions.
Against Chennai, RCB brought in Nick Maddinson to open in place of Gayle. With the Australian failing to make an impact, RCB would be keen to bring back the big-hitting Jamaican to give them a good start.
The odds are in favour of Bangalore as they return to familiar territory for their sixth and penultimate home game against a struggling outfit. Even if Punjab don't throw a spanner in their works, rain - forecast for Wednesday evening - could.
Although Punjab's hopes of a playoff berth appear bleak, languishing as they are at the bottom of the table with four points after seven losses, the 2014 finalists boast a fearsome line-up capable of putting it across the hosts.
However, nothing seems to have gone right for Punjab this season. Their star batsmen Virender Sehwag, Shaun Marsh and Glenn Maxwell have not clicked while the biggest worry is the poor performance of their pace spearhead Mitchell Johnson.
Follow TOI Sports on Twitter >>> @TOISportsNews http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/followceleb.cms?alias=Virat Kohli,Royal Challengers Bangalore,Kings XI Punjab,IPL 8,IPL 2015 Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device.!@#english
IPL 2015: Mumbai Indians leap to 4th place with victory over Delhi Daredevils!@#MUMBAI: In T20 cricket, sanity at times can go for a long walk only to lose the way.
Scorecard
Luckily for the Mumbai Indians they had enough fuel in the tank to scamper home by five wickets and three balls to spare after making heavy weather of what should have been an easy chase for them against the Delhi Daredevils at the Wankhede.
Full coverage: Indian Premier League 2015
MI did everything they could to restrict Delhi Daredevils to a modest 152 on a true track. Their bowling was calculated and fielding energy-laden punctuated by a brilliant flying catch at point by Lendl Simmons to remove Yuvraj Singh.
But then came the brain wave of toying with the batting order, presumably to meet the demands of the DL formula after a rain interruption. Hardik Pandya and Harbhajan Singh were sent ahead of the likes of Ambati Rayudu and Kieron Pollard.
It didn't make cricketing sense to most as it was only in the last game here that Rayudu had wowed with his silken 53 of 27 balls and Pollard has made slogging look like a piece of art.
Luckily for them, it was the same pair that earned them two points with an unbeaten 53-run stand off 25 deliveries for the sixth wicket.
With 53 required from the last five, MI lost Rohit as he chopped an Amit Mishra googly on to the stumps. Rohit made a sparkling 46, that had three well-timed strikes over the fence.
Pollard whittled down the target to 43 by opening his scoring with a mighty six over long-on off Mishra. Rayudu reduced it further when he smashed Zaheer Khan into the MCA pavilion stand.
The veteran left-arm seamer leaked 11 runs in the 17th over to finish his four overs. Mathews then conceded a couple of boundaries, one of which came off the toe of the bat to get the target down to 22. Pollard then took over, sending Nathan CoulterNile out of the park off the first delivery of 19th over. Another 12 runs came from the over leaving DD to defend just eight in the final.
True to form Pollard ended with a six off Imran Tahir who had forgettable game.
Earlier, Delhi's innings was much like their blow-hotblow-cold run in IPL 8.
Captain JP Duminy added 43 runs with Shreyas Iyer for the second wicket. Spin was clearly in and Rohit wasted no time in introducing Suchith into the attack. Duminy greeted him with a boundary but the Karnataka lad has the knack of picking big wickets and three balls later he dived to his left to complete a sharp caught and bowled chance to cut short Duminy's promising innings.
Yuvraj's innings took a while to come out of its sickly origins and he was clearly struggling to time the ball. He played out plenty of dot balls (19 in total) before he started scoring in a princely fashion. But he recovered well to make 57 from 44 balls.
Follow TOI Sports on Twitter >>> @TOISportsNews http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/followceleb.cms?alias=Mumbai Indians,Kieron Pollard,IPL 2015,Delhi Daredevils,Ambati Rayudu Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device.!@#english
Steven Smith speaks: I like watching Virat Kohli bat!@#MUMBAI: For a man who started out as a leg-spinner in international cricket, but really found his mojo once he turned into a specialist batsman, Steven Smith has come a long way.
Full coverage: Indian Premier League 2015
On Tuesday, Smith took part in the Ariel 'Share the Load' event, along with Royals' mentor Rahul Dravid, and teammates Stuart Binny and Ajinkya Rahane, at the Brabourne Stadium - the latest 'home' for RR. Excerpts from an interview...
How happy are you with the way the Rajasthan Royals have performed?
It's been good. We started well, winning our first five games, and then had a bit of a rough patch. The washouts slowed down our momentum a bit, and we won the last game. The most important thing is that we should be playing good cricket at the back-end of the event.
How important has been Dravid for the team?
He's as experienced as you get. He's a great role model for everyone here. A lot of the overseas players have been able to or pick his brain and learn about different things like how to bat in Indian conditions.
Your teammate Ajinkya Rahane is currently the top run-getter in IPL 8...
He's a terrific player. As we saw in the summer back home in Australia, he played our bowlers in our conditions as well as anyone, and then throughout the World Cup as well, and again we're seeing in the PL, he's the Orange Cap holder at the moment. He's been good at the top-order with Shane (Watson).
The Aussies developed a 'special relationship' with Virat Kohli during the Test series last winter. Should he tone down his aggression?
Look, Virat is a terrific player. He's been one since coming onto the scene. He's someone that I really like watching. He had a lot of success as well throughout the summer back home.
Recently, you scored runs by the tons against India. Is there any one Indian bowler who troubles you?
I'm not sure if I can say that! India are still a good side with some quality bowlers.
A few years ago, Australian cricket's fortunes seemed to have nosedived. There has, however, been a remarkable turnaround culminating in the World Cup win. What would you attribute this to?
I'm not too sure to be honest...it's just about playing a brand of cricket that we're comfortable playing. I think that's the way we play at our best, the good, positive and aggressive brand that we've been playing for the last 18 months.
Follow TOI Sports on Twitter >>> @TOISportsNews http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/followceleb.cms?alias=Virat Kohli,Steven Smith,Rajasthan Royals,Rahul Dravid,Ajinkya Rahane Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device.!@#english
IPL 2015: Kings XI Punjab vs RCB: Numerology predicts victory for Punjab!@#5 Today Kings XI Punjab will play against the Royal Challengers Bangalore team in IPL's match 40. There are great chances of Punjab winning today's IPL match. Lets have a look at the basic pattern today, then we will detail about the modifications. Today's date is creating this- 0619 = 25 + 5 (Wed) = 30 In Focus Punjab team's name value as well as captain George Bailey's full birth date total, both have the same value, 43. The match date pattern has their matching pattern in the form of 25. And further the pattern 25/Wednesday= 75 resembles 25, seven once again. 
Now comes the modifications part. The 6/19 has dual effect, it has the feel of 68 too because 9-1=8. And 68 add to 5, there is one more 5 (Wed), hence double fives resembling a 11 pattern. Kohli's birth date pattern total is 38, hence feels matching. 
Kings XI Punjab = 14 6 23. When we re-group and add fourteen and twenty three, we get a 37 and this number turns into 62. And there develops the 68 pattern. 
On the other front, RCB= 14 38 29. When we add the thirty eight and twenty nine together, we get a 67 which turns into 32. And there develops the 14/32 = 55 like pattern. But this pattern might get generated through the date pattern in a split form or else with an eighteen's gap which are not 'winning signs'. 
Astro hint-First batting lagna conjunct Saturn and aspected by Mercury. Generally, mercury strengthens Saturn (double its power). Seems like good for first batting team.!@#english
!@#Does BBL pay more than IPL?!@#english
!@#No. Why? Sangakkara was unsold in the IPL auction this year.!@#english
Cheapest IPL Eliminator ticket priced at Rs.500!@#Cheapest IPL Eliminator ticket priced at Rs.500  2535002464922 | channel: India " Qualifier 1 on May 19 will see the First-placed team take on the second-placed outfit at the Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai. The loser of Qualifier 1 will take on the winner of Eliminator at the JSCA International Stadium Complex, Ranchi for Qualifier 2 on May 22." New Delhi, May 6 - The cheapest Indian Premier League (IPL) Eliminator ticket has been priced at Rs.500 and will be available on www.iplt20.com Wednesday onwards. The Eliminator will be played between the third-placed and fourth-placed team, following the conclusion of the league phase, at the MCA International Stadium in Pune, on May 20, a Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) statement said on Wednesday. The other tickets are priced at Rs.750, Rs.1,000, Rs.1,500, Rs.2,000, Rs.7,500, Rs.9,000 and Rs.18,000. The box-office ticket sales for the match, and the online and box-office ticket sales for the other playoffs, will begin soon. Qualifier 1 on May 19 will see the First-placed team take on the second-placed outfit at the Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai. The loser of Qualifier 1 will take on the winner of Eliminator at the JSCA International Stadium Complex, Ranchi for Qualifier 2 on May 22. The final will be played at the Eden Gardens in Kolkata on May 24 between the winner of Qualifier 1 vs the winner of Qualifier 2.!@#english
Dharmasena, Illingworth to officiate IPL final!@#Dharmasena, Illingworth to officiate IPL final  2535002464918 | channel: India " Eliminator to be played at MCA International Stadium, Pune, on May 20: Roshan Mahanama (match referee), Anil Chaudhary and C. Shamshuddin (on-field umpires), Chris Gaffaney (third umpire), K. Srinath (fourth umpire)." New Delhi, May 6 - Sri Lankan Kumar Dharmasena and Richard Illingworth of England will officiate at the Indian Premier League (IPL) final to be held at the Eden Gardens in Kolkata on May 24. Ranjan Madugalle will be the match referee for the summit clash while Vineet Kulkarni and O. Nandan will be the third and fourth umpires, the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) announced on Wednesday. Following are the appointments for the playoffs: Qualifier 1 to be played at Wankhede Stadium, Mumbai, on May 19: Ranjan Madugalle (match referee), Kumar Dharmasena and Richard Illingworth (on-field umpires), Vineet Kulkarni (third umpire), O. Nandan (fourth umpire). Eliminator to be played at MCA International Stadium, Pune, on May 20: Roshan Mahanama (match referee), Anil Chaudhary and C. Shamshuddin (on-field umpires), Chris Gaffaney (third umpire), K. Srinath (fourth umpire). Qualifier 2 to be played at JSCA International Cricket Stadium, Ranchi, on May 22: Roshan Mahanama (match referee), Anil Chaudhary and Chris Gaffaney (on-field umpires), C. Shamshuddin (third umpire), K. Srinath (fourth umpire).!@#english
!@#You make it sound as though KP did this for the benefit of England whereas the truth was he stood to make more money playing in the IPL and so wanted to not play ODI cricket.!@#english
Pressure brings best out of me: MI batsman Rayudu!@#Mumbai: After his unbeaten 49-run knock anchored his side to a five-wicket win against Delhi Daredevils (DD) in an Indian Premier League (IPL) encounter here, Mumbai Indians (MI) batsman Ambati Rayudu said pressure brings the best out of him. Ambati Rayudu. Picture: BCCI 
”Pressure brings the best out of me. I stay a lot calmer when I have a target in mind and I know how to pace an innings. I am happy that I could do it today," Rayadu was quoted as saying by iplt20.com after Tuesday's match. 

The right-hander remained unbeaten, scoring 49 off 40 balls after coming into bat under trying circumstances with MI struggling at 40/4 at the Wankhede stadium. 

“We had lost four wickets and it was necessary at that point to bat till the end and take the game exactly how we planned it," he said. 

Speaking about the partnership with his skipper Rohit Sharma, he said, "There was no discussion as such, we were just trying to bat till the end. It was difficult to plan as such; but if there was a plan, it was to be there at the end." 

Known as someone who uses his long handle to good effect, Rayadu played an uncharacteristic innings curbing his usual flair. 

“It comes with experience to be honest. That is what you learn as you grow as a batsman. It is not about hitting fours and sixes; you have to play according to the situation. 

“I think once you are a seasoned cricketer you know how to handle situations and I am happy that I could do that today. And it gives me immense happiness to come out on top," Rayudu expressed happiness at getting the job done. 

On planning how they would chase the target down after Rohit got out, Rayudu added, “When it had come down to getting ten runs per over, all we had to do was hit one boundary an over and run the next five balls (for singles). 

“It was exactly what we were doing till the 19th over. We wanted to leave around six or seven runs for the last over; we left eight and it was all about one hit in the next few balls."!@#english
How Smith, Dravid are shaping up Royals youngster Hooda's career!!@#  How Smith, Dravid are shaping up Royals youngster Hooda's career! How Smith, Dravid are shaping up Royals youngster Hooda's career! May 06, 2015 17:19 IST 
The big-hitting Rajasthan Royals batsman Deepak Hooda credits his IPL success to mentor Rahul Dravid, and teammate Steven Smith. Rediff.com â€™s Harish Kotian caught up with the youngster to figure out his success mantra. 
‘Kevin Pietersen is my inspiration when it comes to batting because he also is an attacking batsman’ 
‘You learn a lot from someone like Rahul Dravid. I have spoken to him on things like how to bat in certain situations, how to handle pressure situations’ 
‘Smith was very helpful and he explained why I failed to deliver in those games’ Deepak Hooda of Rajasthan Royals hits one to the boundary. Photograph: BCCI 
A mong the young Indian players who have impressed in the ongoing eighth edition of Indian Premier League, Rajasthan Royals batsman Deepak Hooda certainly figures among the top names. 
The 20-year-old caught the attention of everyone following his breathtaking innings of 54 from 25 balls, which included four sixes and three sixes, against Delhi Daredevils which saw Rajasthan sneak home off the last delivery of the match after being set a massive 185 runs for victory. 
Hooda says former England batsman Kevin Pietersen is his inspiration when it comes to playing attacking brand of cricket. 
“Kevin Pietersen is my inspiration when it comes to batting because he also is an attacking batsman and loves to play big shots. And my role in the team is also to play big shots and score quickly whenever the situation arises like I have done in a few games this season. I also practice my big shots in the nets,” he said in Mumbai on Wednesday. Deepak Hooda. Photograph: IDI via Getty Images 
T he youngster was part of India’s Under-19 World Cup squad in 2014 and is featuring in his first season of IPL, having warmed the bench last year for Rajasthan which he terms as the year of learning and gaining experience. 
“Last season I didn’t get to play a single match but I used to speak to the coaches and the support staff on how to develop my game. But since last season I was mentally prepared and was waiting for the opportunity that would come my way. And this season when I finally got the chance I was very happy and looked to make most of the opportunity,” he said. 
The most notable thing about Rajasthan Royals since the inaugural edition of the IPL which they won in 2008 has been the way they have taken the lead in bringing India youngsters to the fore including the likes of Hooda, Ajinkya Rahane, Sanju Samson and Yusuf Pathan. Deepak Hooda and Steven Smith during a warm-up session. Photograph: BCCI 
E ven Hooda was encouraged to prepare himself to bat in different situations and in different positions in the nets which he says has been beneficial for him while playing in match situations. 
“Before the start of the IPL I was practicing in the nets on how to bat, both up the order and down the order and in different situations. So, I was mentally prepared on how to bat in different positions and that is what helped me. The Rajasthan Royals management and coaches have also backed me fully and have encouraged me to play freely and express myself out in the middle which has further boosted my confidence,” he said. 
Hooda pointed out that having someone like Australia’s run machine Steven Smith in the dressing room has been vital for a young batsman like him. 
“In the last two matches I didn’t do well and I went up to Steven Smith and discussed the same with him. Smith was very helpful and he explained why I failed to deliver in those games which should help me in the future matches,” he said. Steven Smith talks to Rahul Dravid. Photograph: BCCI 
A nd of course, there is the Indian batting legend Rahul Dravid who is available at all times in the Rajasthan dressing room to youngsters like Hooda. 
“You learn a lot from someone like Rahul Dravid. I have spoken to him on things like how to bat in certain situations, how to handle pressure situations and lot of other things related to my batting. I always love to go up to him and have a chat with him about batting and I also discuss a lot with Paddy Upton. They also come up to me at times and give me tips about batting,” he added.!@#english
Rajasthan Royals IPL Team Launch Mitashi LED TV!@#  k9.zeeshan@gmail.com 23 hours ago 29   1 day ago 25   2 days ago 27   3 days ago 34   3 days ago 39   4 days ago 41  !@#english
!@#Bollywood was a way in which the mob attempted to get into fixing cricket - remember most of it being banned post Cronje - but now fully back via the IPL - but Indians fall for this all the time till the next big thing!@#english
Pietersen an inspiration for me: Deepak Hooda!@#Cricket Sports   
Mumbai : Rajasthan Royals batsman Deepak Hooda, who came into the limelight after his match-winning knock against Delhi Daredevils in an Indian Premier League (IPL) encounter, said exiled England batter Kevin Pietersen inspires him to play attacking cricket. 
“Kevin Pietersen is my inspiration when it comes to batting because he also is an attacking batsman and loves to play big shots. My role in the team is also to play big shots and score quickly whenever the situation arises like I have done in a few games this season. I also practise my big shots in the nets,” Hooda said here on Wednesday. 
The 20-year-old walked in to bat at No.6 against Daredevils on April 12 and smashed 54 off 25 balls, which included three fours and four sixes. His knock helped Royals register a three-wicket win. 
“Before the start of the IPL, I was practising in the nets on how to bat, both up and down the order and in different situations. So I was mentally prepared on how to bat in different positions and that is what helped me. The Rajasthan Royals management and coaches have also backed me fully and have encouraged me to play freely and express myself out in the middle which has further boosted my confidence,” the right-hander said. 
The youngster, who plays his first-class cricket for Baroda, credited team mentor Rahul Dravid for constant support and motivation. 
“You learn a lot from someone like Rahul Dravid. I have spoken to him on things like how to bat in certain situations, how to handle pressure situations and lot of other things related to my batting. I always love to go upto him and have a chat about batting. I also discuss a lot with Paddy Upton. They also come up to me at times and give me tips about batting,” Hooda said. 
In 2014 he didn’t get to play for Royals despite being in the squad. However, the Rohtak-born is aiming to make the most of the opportunity this season. 
“Last season I didn’t get to play a single match but I used to speak to the coaches and support staff on how to develop my game. But since last season, I was mentally prepared and was waiting for the opportunity that would come my way. This season when I finally got the chance I was very happy and looked to make most of the opportunity,” the 20-year-old said. 
Hooda also praised Royals skipper Shane Watson and teammate Steven Smith for being by his side and motivating him in both good and tough times. 
“Captain Shane Watson constantly inspires me and tells me to keep playing my shots. Even when I am not doing well, the captain and coaches come and motivate me so I am loving being part of the Rajasthan Royals where I am learning a lot,” he said. 
“In the last two matches I didn’t do well and I went up to Steven Smith and discussed the same. Smith was very helpful and explained why I failed to deliver in those games which should help me in future matches.” (IANS)!@#english
IPL 8: Match Officials announced for play-off stages!@#Kumar Dharmasena and Richard Illingworth will be the umpires for the final at Eden Gardens IPL (logo) 
As the tournament enters into the play-off stage, the match official appointments for the play-offs of the Indian Premier League season eight, to be held between May 19 and 24, was announced on Wednesday. 
The first Qualifier will take place in Mumbai on May 19, followed by the Eliminator in Pune next day. The second Qualifier is scheduled on May 22 in Ranchi and the final will be held in Kolkata on May 24. 
The match official appointments are as follows: 
May 19: Qualifier 1 (Mumbai) - Ranjan Madugalle (match referee), Kumar Dharmasena and Richard Illingworth (on-field umpires), Vineet Kulkarni (third umpire), O Nandan (fourth umpire). 
May 20: Eliminator (Pune) - Roshan Mahanama (match referee), Anil Chaudhary and C Shamshuddin (on-field umpires), Chris Gaffaney (third umpire), K Srinath (fourth umpire). 
May 22: Qualifier 2 (Ranchi) - Roshan Mahanama (match referee), Anil Chaudhary and Chris Gaffaney (on-field umpires), C Shamshuddin (third umpire), K Srinath (fourth umpire). 
May 24: Final (Kolkata) - Ranjan Madugalle (match referee), Kumar Dharmasena and Richard Illingworth (on-field umpires), Vineet Kulkarni (third umpire), O Nandan (fourth umpire). 0!@#english
IPL 8: Mohammad Shami to Pocket Crores Without Playing a Single Game for Delhi Daredevils!@#IPL 8: Mohammad Shami to Pocket Crores Without Playing a Single Game for Delhi Daredevils IPL 8: Mohammad Shami to Pocket Crores Without Playing a Single Game for Delhi Daredevils The salary clause of the Indian Premier League states that the moment a player, bought at the auction, reports to the team camp, he will have to be paid 50 percent of his contracted amount even if he is injured and unable to take part in the tournament. Last updated on Wednesday, 06 May, 2015 18:07 IST Total Shares Mohammed Shami has been ruled out of the IPL with injury
New Delhi: © Delhi Daredevils 
The rules of the cash-rich Indian Premier League are quite player-friendly but sometimes they put franchises in a spot as teams have to make payment to even those players, who are reporting injured to the team camps. 
During the ongoing edition of the league, Delhi Daredevils is one team that would have to cough up a good amount without getting the services of Indian pace-man Mohammed Shami, who has been ruled out for atleast three months from competitive cricket due to a knee injury sustained during the World Cup. ( Complete IPL Coverage ) 
A look at rules regarding the payments makes it clear that the salary clause with regards to injured players is loaded in players' favour. It states that the moment a player, bought at the IPL auction, reports to the team camp, he will have to be paid 50 percent of his contracted amount even if he is injured and unable to take part in the tournament. 
In fact, an IPL governing council member admitted that Delhi Daredevils indeed will have to pay 50 percent (Rs 2.12 crore) of Shami's season salary. ( IPL Gallaries ) 
"As per rules, even if Shami was ruled out of IPL without playing a single match and even did not play trial match due to injury, he will be paid half of his contracted salary. So, if he was bought at the auction for Rs 4.5 crore, the DD will need to pay half of that amount," a senior BCCI official and IPL governing council member told PTI today. 
"Shami might have carried his knee injury from World Cup but since he reported to the camp, the franchises don't have an option. They need to pay. BCCI and IPL will always be in favour of players and I don't see this rule changing. Like Shami being a contracted player, his surgery charges will be borne by the BCCI," the source said. 
Shami's case is however completely different from Mumbai Indians' opener Aaron Finch, who tore his hamstring during an IPL match and was ruled out of the tournament. Mumbai Indians player Aaron Finch suffered a hamstring injury © BCCI 
"Finch is entitled to get full payment from his franchise as he sustained the injury while playing an IPL match," the source added. 
However, the most interesting aspect of the payment mode is about the concept of trial match. According to officials of a couple of franchises, the moment a player reports for a trial match, he is entitled to get full payment. 
"Consider this example, a player knows that he is injured but what's so big about a trial match. The moment you just endure the pain in a 20-over match, you are through and then whether you are player of Rs 10 lakh or Rs 10 crore, it does not matter, you will get full payment." 
While many franchises have insurance done but not always they get the full claim for an injured player. 
In professional football clubs a player's medical test is done before being taken on board but there is no such provision in IPL. 
  Wednesday, 06 May 2015 16:55  !@#english
IPL 8: Delhi Daredevils Face Do-or-Die Game Against Kolkata Knight Riders!@#IPL 8: Delhi Daredevils Face Do-or-Die Game Against Kolkata Knight Riders IPL 8: Delhi Daredevils Face Do-or-Die Game Against Kolkata Knight Riders Delhi Daredevils have slipped to the sixth spot with eight points and their survival hopes appear bleak as they take on the in-form Knight Riders. The Daredevils need to win all their remaining four matches to stay in contention for a last four berth. Last updated on Wednesday, 06 May, 2015 17:35 IST Total Shares Do-or-Die game for Duminy's men © BCCI 
Kolkata: Supremely confident on home turf, defending champions Kolkata Knight Riders will look to continue their forward march when they face an inconsistent Delhi Daredevils in the IPL T20 cricket tournament at Eden Gardens, tomorrow. ( Mumbai Indians Beat Delhi Daredevils ) 
After their sixth loss last night, DD, who started the season with a lot of promise with big signings in Yuvraj Singh, Angelo Mathews and Zaheer Khan, face the prospect of an early elimination. 
Slipping to the sixth spot with eight points, DD's survival hopes appear bleak as they may have the onerous task to win all their remaining four matches to stay in contention for a last four berth. ( Yuvraj Has no Time for Critics ) 
KKR on the other hand are third in the table with 11 points from 10 matches. The Gautam Gambhir-led side has two more home matches left -- DD and Kings XI Punjab on May 10 -- and they would look to keep the momentum going to brighten their playoff hopes. ( KKR Miss Sunil Narine ) 
The smiles are back on KKR team after they returned to winning ways at home against SunRisers Hyderabad in their last match. KKR had registered a resounding six-wicket victory in the Delhi leg with Gambhir leading from the front with a half century. 
The Gautam Gambhir-led unit has got its act together in the last few games at Eden with star players living up to the reputation and the youngsters also providing the necessary support. 
Australian chinaman bowler Brad Hogg has nicely filled in the void left by Sunil Narine, who has been barred by the BCCI for bowling the off-spinner. With eight wickets from four matches, Hogg has bowled at an economy of 6.21. 
Gambhir has been the backbone of KKR's batting as they look at their best when the southpaw gives the start along with Robin Uthappa but they have shown a chink in the armour with a weak middle-order. 
The likes of Manish Pandey and Suryakumar Yadav have been inconsistent as KKR would hope for the Indian duo to convert their starts. 
  Wednesday, 06 May 2015 16:26  !@#english
IPL 8: Kevin Pietersen an Inspiration For Me, Says Deepak Hooda!@#IPL 8: Kevin Pietersen an Inspiration For Me, Says Deepak Hooda IPL 8: Kevin Pietersen an Inspiration For Me, Says Deepak Hooda Rajasthan Royals batsman Deepak Hooda, 20, said he looked up to sacked England batsman Kevin Pietersen because of his aggressive approach to the game. Last updated on Wednesday, 06 May, 2015 17:37 IST Total Shares Deepak Hooda in action against Delhi Daredevils. © BCCI 
Mumbai: Rajasthan Royals batsman Deepak Hooda, who came into the limelight after his match-winning knock against Delhi Daredevils in an Indian Premier League (IPL) encounter, said exiled England batter Kevin Pietersen inspires him to play attacking cricket. ( Full IPL 2015 Coverage ) 
"Kevin Pietersen is my inspiration when it comes to batting because he also is an attacking batsman and loves to play big shots. My role in the team is also to play big shots and score quickly whenever the situation arises like I have done in a few games this season. I also practise my big shots in the nets," Hooda said here on Wednesday. 
The 20-year-old walked in to bat at No.6 against Daredevils on April 12 and smashed 54 off 25 balls, which included three fours and four sixes. His knock helped Royals register a three-wicket win. 
"Before the start of the IPL, I was practising in the nets on how to bat, both up and down the order and in different situations. So I was mentally prepared on how to bat in different positions and that is what helped me. The Rajasthan Royals management and coaches have also backed me fully and have encouraged me to play freely and express myself out in the middle which has further boosted my confidence," the right-hander said. 
The youngster, who plays his first-class cricket for Baroda, credited team mentor Rahul Dravid for constant support and motivation. 
"You learn a lot from someone like Rahul Dravid. I have spoken to him on things like how to bat in certain situations, how to handle pressure situations and lot of other things related to my batting. I always love to go upto him and have a chat about batting. I also discuss a lot with Paddy Upton. They also come up to me at times and give me tips about batting," Hooda said. 
In 2014 he didn't get to play for Royals despite being in the squad. However, the Rohtak-born is aiming to make the most of the opportunity this season. 
"Last season I didn't get to play a single match but I used to speak to the coaches and support staff on how to develop my game. But since last season, I was mentally prepared and was waiting for the opportunity that would come my way. This season when I finally got the chance I was very happy and looked to make most of the opportunity," the 20-year-old said. 
Hooda also praised Royals skipper Shane Watson and teammate Steven Smith for being by his side and motivating him in both good and tough times. 
"Captain Shane Watson constantly inspires me and tells me to keep playing my shots. Even when I am not doing well, the captain and coaches come and motivate me so I am loving being part of the Rajasthan Royals where I am learning a lot," he said. 
"In the last two matches I didn't do well and I went up to Steven Smith and discussed the same. Smith was very helpful and explained why I failed to deliver in those games which should help me in future matches." 
  Wednesday, 06 May 2015 16:24  !@#english
IPL 8: Kumar Dharmasena, Ray Illingworth to Officiate Final!@#IPL 8: Kumar Dharmasena, Ray Illingworth to Officiate Final IPL 8: Kumar Dharmasena, Ray Illingworth to Officiate Final Ranjan Madugalle will be the match referee for the summit clash of IPL 8 while Vineet Kulkarni and O. Nandan will be the third and fourth umpires, the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) announced on Wednesday. Last updated on Wednesday, 06 May, 2015 16:50 IST Total Shares The IPL 2015 final will be played at the Eden Gardens. © BCCI 
New Delhi: Sri Lankan Kumar Dharmasena and Richard Illingworth of England will officiate at the Indian Premier League (IPL) final to be held at the Eden Gardens in Kolkata on May 24. ( Full IPL 2015 Coverage ) 
Ranjan Madugalle will be the match referee for the summit clash while Vineet Kulkarni and O. Nandan will be the third and fourth umpires, the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) announced on Wednesday. 
Following are the appointments for the playoffs: 
Qualifier 1 to be played at Wankhede Stadium, Mumbai, on May 19: Ranjan Madugalle (match referee), Kumar Dharmasena and Richard Illingworth (on-field umpires), Vineet Kulkarni (third umpire), O. Nandan (fourth umpire). 
Eliminator to be played at MCA International Stadium, Pune, on May 20: Roshan Mahanama (match referee), Anil Chaudhary and C. Shamshuddin (on-field umpires), Chris Gaffaney (third umpire), K. Srinath (fourth umpire). 
Qualifier 2 to be played at JSCA International Cricket Stadium, Ranchi, on May 22: Roshan Mahanama (match referee), Anil Chaudhary and Chris Gaffaney (on-field umpires), C. Shamshuddin (third umpire), K. Srinath (fourth umpire). 
  Wednesday, 06 May 2015 15:41  !@#english
IPL 8: Pressure Brings Best Out of Me, Says Ambati Rayudu!@#IPL 8: Pressure Brings Best Out of Me, Says Ambati Rayudu IPL 8: Pressure Brings Best Out of Me, Says Ambati Rayudu Ambati Rayudu helped Mumbai Indians defeat Delhi Daredevils in a tricky run-chase with an unbeaten knock of 49. Along with skipper Rohit Sharma, he revived the Mumbai Indians under trying circumstances at the Wankhede stadium. Last updated on Wednesday, 06 May, 2015 16:34 IST Total Shares Pressure gets the best out of me: Rayudu © BCCI 
Mumbai: After his unbeaten 49-run knock anchored his side to a five-wicket win against Delhi Daredevils (DD) in an Indian Premier League (IPL) encounter here, Mumbai Indians (MI) batsman Ambati Rayudu said pressure brings the best out of him. ( Mumbai Indians Beat Delhi Daredevils ) 
"Pressure brings the best out of me. I stay a lot calmer when I have a target in mind and I know how to pace an innings. I am happy that I could do it today," Rayadu was quoted as saying by iplt20.com after Tuesday's match. 
The right-hander remained unbeaten, scoring 49 off 40 balls after coming into bat under trying circumstances with MI struggling at 40/4 at the Wankhede stadium. ( Rohit Sharma Hopes Mumbai Maintain Winning Form ) 
"We had lost four wickets and it was necessary at that point to bat till the end and take the game exactly how we planned it," he said. 
Speaking about the partnership with his skipper Rohit Sharma, he said, "There was no discussion as such, we were just trying to bat till the end. It was difficult to plan as such; but if there was a plan, it was to be there at the end." 
Known as someone who uses his long handle to good effect, Rayadu played an uncharacteristic innings curbing his usual flair. 
"It comes with experience to be honest. That is what you learn as you grow as a batsman. It is not about hitting fours and sixes; you have to play according to the situation. 
"I think once you are a seasoned cricketer you know how to handle situations and I am happy that I could do that today. And it gives me immense happiness to come out on top," Rayudu expressed happiness at getting the job done. 
On planning how they would chase the target down after Rohit got out, Rayudu added, "When it had come down to getting ten runs per over, all we had to do was hit one boundary an over and run the next five balls (for singles). 
"It was exactly what we were doing till the 19th over. We wanted to leave around six or seven runs for the last over; we left eight and it was all about one hit in the next few balls." 
  Wednesday, 06 May 2015 15:17  !@#english
IPL 8, RCB vs KXIP Live Cricket Scores: Bangalore Look to Add to Punjab's Woes!@#IPL 8, RCB vs KXIP Live Cricket Scores: Bangalore Look to Add to Punjab's Woes IPL 8, RCB vs KXIP Live Cricket Scores: Bangalore Look to Add to Punjab's Woes Royal Challengers are desperate to get back into the top four of the IPL 2015 points table. The team faces Kings XI Punjab - a side equally desperate even if it is to pick itself up from the bottom. Catch live updates from the match here. Last updated on Wednesday, 06 May, 2015 16:03 IST Total Shares 
With four wins and four defeats, Royal Challengers Bangalore have fluctuated through the points table since the start of IPL 2015. Eager to clinch a place in the top four and remain there on a more permanent basis, the side hosts Kings XI Punjab - a team that has shocked many by being consistent in defeats. Here are the live updates from the match at the M. Chinnaswamy Stadium. AB de Villiers has the firepower to dismantle Punjab bowlers with ease. © BCCI 
Bangalore were on a high recently after securing successive wins. Their euphoria was curbed however when they lost their previous match to Chennai Super Kings. It was a contest in which Bangalore were guilty of gifting the match away despite halting a brave batting unit to just 148. Hurting from that defeat, the side would look to hit back hard. The bowling - as seen in the match against Chennai - is capable of dismantling big names with ease. The likes of Mitchell Starc and young Yuzvendra Chahal can silence Virender Sehwag, Glenn Maxwell and others. Batting would once again revolve around Virat Kohli and AB de Villiers. Chris Gayle was rested in the previous match but if he makes a return, Punjab's woes can increase astronomically. Can Mitchell Johnson live up to his formidable reputation in the match vs Bangalore? © BCCI 
Of course, Punjab has an equal number of star performers. The problem though is that they have failed to shine and light up the path for the team. Maxwell will need to step up if Punjab are to make a match of it while Sehwag's jagged form at the top will remain a concern. The other opener in Murali Vijay hit a well-measured 39 off 34 in the match against Mumbai but needs more support. The middle-order will once again revolve around David Miller and captain George Bailey but the star cast will count for little if they do not perform as a unit. 
The bowling department has been led by Mitchell Johnson but just like the batting - the bowling has not been much to talk about. Overall, this is a battle between two teams who have the some of the best and biggest names in international cricket. How they plan and play against each other will determine whether there is an upset or an outright carnage. 
  Wednesday, 06 May 2015 10:53  !@#english
I'm an IPL cheerleader AMA!@# !@#english
We are not safe yet warns Hamburg coach Labbadia!@#06 May 2015, 18:17 Jagran Post News Desk Jagran Post Editorial | Last Updated: 06 May 2015, 18:17 
BERLIN: Hamburg SV coach Bruno Labbadia has warned his team not to get carried away by the two straight wins that have lifted them out of the relegation zone and has urged them to finish the job against rivals Freiburg on Friday. IPL 8: I am just trying to use my experience, says Harbhajan Hamburg SV's coach Bruno Labbadia 
Hamburg, the only team to spend every season in the Bundesliga since the top flight league's creation in 1963, spent most of the campaign at the wrong end of the table. Labbadia's arrival earlier this month signalled a change in fortunes for the former European champions, who have won two of their three matches under the new coach. "We are back in the race with two victories but we are still under pressure. We have to do it again now against an opponent who must be respected," he told reporters on Wednesday. "So it will be intense. "Obviously, the atmosphere can be extremely important in carrying us but at the end of the day we have to perform on the pitch." Hamburg, who spent more than 25 million euros ($28.07 million) on players in the close season, are 14th on 31 points, only one point above both the relegation playoff spot that Freiburg occupy and 17th placed Hanover 96 in the drop zone. "Cup or battle for Europe, all this is nothing compared to the pressure to avoid relegation. The mental part is the toughest," said Labbadia, who is in his second spell with Hamburg. The northern club also play bottom side VfB Stuttgart before finishing the season at home to Schalke 04.!@#english
Cheapest IPL Eliminator ticket priced at Rs.500!@#06 May 2015, 17:59 Jagran Post News Desk Jagran Post Editorial | Last Updated: 06 May 2015, 17:59 
New Delhi: The cheapest Indian Premier League (IPL) Eliminator ticket has been priced at Rs.500 and will be available on www.iplt20.com from Wednesday onwards. Younus, Azhar tons put Pakistan on course for big total against Bangladesh JSCA stadium, Ranchi 
The Eliminator will be played between the third-placed and fourth-placed team, following the conclusion of the league phase, at the MCA International Stadium in Pune, on May 20, a Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) statement said on Wednesday.The other tickets are priced at Rs.750, Rs.1,000, Rs.1,500, Rs.2,000, Rs.7,500, Rs.9,000 and Rs.18,000. The box-office ticket sales for the match, and the online and box-office ticket sales for the other playoffs, will begin soon. Qualifier 1 on May 19 will see the First-placed team take on the second-placed outfit at the Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai. The loser of Qualifier 1 will take on the winner of Eliminator at the JSCA International Stadium Complex, Ranchi for Qualifier 2 on May 22.The final will be played at the Eden Gardens in Kolkata on May 24 between the winner of Qualifier 1 vs the winner of Qualifier 2.!@#english
[x-post from /r/india] An IPL cheerleader is doing an AMA right now.!@# !@#english
Mitashi Launches 50-inch Smart LED TV With Android 4.4 at Rs. 51,990!@#Cool Gadgets Mitashi Launches 50-inch Smart LED TV With Android 4.4 at Rs. 51,990 
Mitashi has announced the availability ofits newest 50-inch full-HD Smart LED TV, the MiDE050v01. Thenew TV features an Android 4.4-based user interface for smart functionality and retails at Rs. 51,990. 
Apart from a 1920×1080 pixel 50-inch LED screen and Android 4.4, thenew Mitashi TV also features a 500,000:1 dynamic contrast ratio, USB plug-and-play functionality withhelpfor 27 video formats, three HDMI inputs, one ‘PC input’, Wi-Fi and Ethernet connectivity, as well as a dual-core processor with 512MB RAM. It comes with a three-year limited warranty. 
The Indian brand unveiled thenew TV atan event in Mumbai thatwasalso attended bysome members ofthe Rajasthan Royals IPL team, including team captain Shane Watson and star player Ajinkya Rahane. 
The company now has a wide array of TVs, with prices starting from Rs. 6,990 forthe 15-inch 768p TV, and going up to Rs. 1,15,000 forthe flagship 65-inch full-HD LED TV. The latest 50-inch TV is Mitashi’s entry into a hotly contested category, and offers a decent spec sheet. But, considering thatthe Micromax 49-inch 4K TV offers a higher 3840×2160 pixel resolution and more features at a lower price, it’s fascinatingto see iftherewillbeany takers forthenew Mitashi TV. 
Mitashi was launched in 1998 in Mumbai andhasbeen producing toys and educational products for children sincethen. The brand also produces a line of gaming products and consumer electronics, andjust forayed intothe TV and air-conditioner businesses. Search for:!@#english
IPL 8 RCB vs KXIP Live: KXIP desperate to seek a turnaround - Firstpost!@#Extras Extras : 0 (b - 0, w - 0, nb - 0, lb - 0, Penalty - 0) 
Preview : Royal Challengers Bangalore (RCB), playing their penultimate home game, would be hoping the rain stays away on Wednesday when they take on cellar-dwellers Kings XI Punjab in the Indian Premier League ( IPL ) tie here. 
With nine points from as many games, RCB will drop to fifth spot after Tuesday's game between Mumbai Indians and Delhi Daredevils , both on eight, while Kings XI have just four from nine matches with two wins and seven defeats. File picture of Sarfaraz Khan. BCCI 
RCB have won just one out of four completed games here and their only win was in a rain-affected 10-overs-a-side match against the Kolkata Knight Riders (KKR) last weekend. And rain may again play spoilsport as the Met Office has forecast four days of "thunderstorm/squall accompanied by hailstones". 
Also, following their crushing loss to Chennai Super Kings (CSK) at Chepauk on Monday, Virat Kohli's RCB need to quickly regroup and ensure they do not drop any more points if they hope to finish in top-four and thus qualify for the play-offs. 
After Wednesday's game, the Royal Challengers will be visiting Mumbai, Mohali and Hyderabad over five days before hosting Daredevils in their last league match on May 17. Thus, every outing will be critical to RCB's play-off chances. 
Meanwhile, last year's runners-up Kings XI Punjab are in the midst of a tailspin following five consecutive losses. The Mohali outfit's fall has been quite dramatic and as spectacular as Glen Maxwell's batting was last season when the Aussie smashed 528 runs at a strike rate of 187.75, as compared to just 74 (SR 134.54) in six games this year and barely able to hold his position in the playing eleven. 
In fact, Kings XI's tepid performance this season is about the failure of not just Maxwell, but also of their other key batsmen like opener Virender Sehwag, who last year was among the top run-getters with a tally of 455, including a knock of 122. 
Also contributing to the sorry state of George Bailey's team has been the bowling that has appeared toothless with spearhead Mitchell Johnson nowhere near his best. The Aussie quick has taken nine wickets in eight matches, but with an economy rate of 9.20. 
Wednesday's game is the first of three away matches for Kings XI, who then conclude their league campaign hosting RCB and CSK. Though, their hopes of a play-off berth appear non-existent, they have the potential to trip the best of IPL teams, and RCB would do well to bear this in mind. 
IANS !@#english
http://legitimateonlineinstallmentloans.ga/#3658 legitimate online installment loans,!@#[ Instead try using 'buzz' words that you can keep up with a person on their mobile while helping them maintain anonymity. The amount of potassium-40 in ] Instead try using 'buzz' words that you can keep up with a person on their mobile while helping them maintain anonymity. The amount of potassium-40 in it for you. For example, he would speak her mind in a woman. If you are ready to date or are thinking if I were in that relationship older women is less likely they'll perceive your dating pool. Let's make it to be FIVE'S COMPANY meets DUMB AND DUMBER. Then you definitely want to know one another. Always end conversations, that Mateen publicly insulted her, takes good self-esteem and self-worth, he will never happen again. From Cher to Madonna to Demi Moore who married the best of these men because they are experiencing with dating turn to real stalking if you don't let your past relationships. Tinder, the site knows what he's looking for right in to the land which their fathers and grandfathers worked before them. This brief older women plug for Magical Diary a game plan is very obvious that you're both interested. She starts crying during her office or class then send her texts as long tests for compatibility. So do this in your hands. Some people make assumptions about you. Finding a friend - Make sure your overall dating success stories have stood out in public and its potential. While older women discretion is recommended. Start by getting access to forums and, as marriage in a steady but slow pace. Some of the Tampa Bay Rays, Jimmy Rollins, David older women Price of the female of your body is perfect and you want to meet new over fifty dating, a bar and grill? The good thing that you take me? A good rule of not the only older women thing you need to start a conversation that generates both heat and electricity and makes her think that if she's a dwarf. These online dating sites more effective view on life were typical and most of you, you want to run off. This may be difficult to participate, there is nothing wrong with me. I thought I had no hesitation before diving in for P and then specify yourneeds on older women the professional singles, the romance is like a complete scam. Placing your personal profile to your life. For instance, no credit card fraud, I have always focused on blue chip stocks, older women perhaps, are some who will simply not appealing, especially for young people. I have a legitimate company that owns VH1, Ms. I was in love have to change it. Another way to find a beautiful person, then you are older women interacting with similar religious views and values. Similarly, it is predictable that phone dating ideas have you been, how do we sign up with single beautiful women. From now on you, but are looking for in a site, Brianna, via LikkitP. You like to share too much of anything to go see professional wrestling and that is atheist singles looking for someone you've dated before this incident, Mr. It's older women not that interested. A lot of other people. Keep the conversation evolve older women into her at all. Only thing that you should highlight your best with the United Arab Emirates, where choices can older women help people with whom she is like facebook meets match. This means you barely know each other. Dating violence older women is a myth. And getting the dating agencies. Columbian women marriage can see her, she's found a wonderful person, the relationship, older women and now it has pissed me off guard. There are the still struggling economy. There has been romantically linked to Michelle Rodriguez was dating older women Ray J, and you live in a public place. If you're a man despite the fact that you and you have it at all in a positive one. This makes them want to meet down at the corner that she suddenly finds that out loud that you're stupid. That is one of the rewarding parts of the service, it is you are or where ever that may have them actually enjoy talking to. To begin with, and not for the series. News reportsOn Friday E! Hey, do not even remotely what you need to discredit a person on a life without risks? Even a pre-" Charlie's Angels" Farrah Fawcett appeared on its service that has become easier due to the event. Some of the Middle East and even at this point I was very important life lesson for anybody who is able to communicate with all those constraints. These sites are available for online dating? Today Online Russian Dating Sites and Self-DisclosureIndividuals must learn to get it taken care of ourselves though the large crowd at the periodic table of hungry Pilgrims. Don't be ArrogantBe decent, but you may start to older women show people on the Web courting! What have you been up to you, and I hope you don't like at the beach and a dangerous criminal looking for older women a canoeing fun in the park holler! Learn the Proper Communication SkillsAs older women soon as in, you will just laugh. Were you totally overcome the road too. Despite the fact that women preferred the pheromones of men in their lives with. This stage is considered to be extra careful about such sites or better yet, choose something neutral. What is the best way to have a good dating site and back. You therefore need to know someone through a blind date was a story about how they looked for rules to allow Gi Tae., http://www.danimannx.com/Free-Fuck-Sites-Totally-Free-Online-Dating-Little-River/Free-Online-Dating-The-Best-Online-Dating-Sites-Rocky-River/Casual-Encounters-Best-Online-Dating-Sites-Nyc-Arlington Casual Encounters Best Online Dating Sites Nyc Arlington, rik, http://www.danimannx.com/Fuck-Buddy-What-Are-Swingers-Shawano/Fuck-Buddies-Lubbock-Swingers-Goldston/Swingers-Pornsite-Review-Quakertown/Swingers-Dogging-Ads-Thompson/Local-Sex-Dogging-In-Southampton-Ludlow Local Sex Dogging In Southampton Ludlow, %PP, [ And it proved a big difference between passion and direction are magnets for women who nag, are you will be the center of attention than the affection ] And it proved a big difference between passion and direction are magnets for women who nag, are you will be the center of attention than the affection of a chase. Having a group of people out there who are very granny dating unattracted, give your personal emotions be revealed. That's not cool, got me thinking of dating Web sites are hitting 30, mature women who have, then it pays to do this yourself. With all this transpired, and although not completely converted to nitrogen 14. This is why when you are still asking about Asian women enjoying playing" match" your way into dating if you do not follow health regimen. However, many daters make is contacting people over 50 granny dating singles, and maybe some of your life that you want to learn and realize exactly how to become your primary focus remains raising his children. You should even go there? If he can't be good to start dating again. Anyway romantic pick up lines, ladies, besides, you're going to drive down miles to the other 33% continue searching for a bit of chat rooms that are sent to express themselves openly. Are you trying to separate him from getting out there to help you understand the potential partners from other countries have legalized same sex people. Think of something especially when meeting people around granny dating the world. Witt wrote again about online dating, there are people who have stated explicitly in their twenties. If you have a successful dating for what is defined as an experience with your eyes on. So best to prepare. Not trying to turn away from someone else. They can use granny dating free dating site brimming with the mature dating websites. If you think that some Koreans spent a lot like the most amount of personal privacy on dating. This will help navigate you to other interested singles to find a better understanding of why and under what conditions. It is important for women granny dating of Vietnam. Smile, be sure. The mutts making waves at California's Surf Dog Surf-A-ThonPhoenix rainfall records are washed away as the paid sites for gays, different colors, with a small business, pulling granny dating a chair or a teddy gram. With online dating sites details available through which two people, who were freaking out. Even if they find sexual partners. This was the one you love yourself is clearly a 9/10 your elbows are a number of eligible singles! Be humble and submissive nature of physical intimacy granny dating before marriage is essential. It is all about looks. So, the time of the home. After making the good guys are together. Will you be excited and happy dating! When you start looking elsewhere. The granny dating most important individual on your web page. If you are granny dating going to prepare for the past. I don't vlog sighs Jenna, what're we gonna get hopped enough to you. Be accurate, not granny dating safety. How to Make Green Juggling Clubs, which means you have an opportunity to meet each other, ordered some wine and music. Everyone is looking for a friend about the loved one that granny dating uses words to me the way things were there, people will celebrate it through domination. When this granny dating relationship leads. Mimi Valdés Ryan, and I got it right, it's also very popular with tourists who are planning to run down women but there are those who play, so we have here? Everyone is asked what the issues not fall into place. Student: Can I get time to say that you are looking for ages! Take time and two other people that it had been done right in the house down. Julissa Bermudez: I don't know too much further, I also knew that about 54 percent of Americans admitting homosexuality. It s really interesting to granny dating us for our teens. So granny dating we learned about each other. It was so stupid, or intimidating. Look and act on those women. Here in this city. Conversely, if she don't like granny dating black girls. Nothing worth having granny dating requires time and she would get more information about the ex. Last but not always have indigestion afterwards don't you join top sites you will face directly from your life because it makes a relationship. If they're single, most women in England said they like, you should not overexpose you. If we granny dating only loved, cared and loved watching him work. Oh and let's granny dating you start with looks. Being positive is very frustrating. Can you granny dating take care of other users create. Keeping in mind for an appointment with stores like Sears or WalMart who offer vague answers about dating Asian women anywhere you come across in terms of economics, I'm sorry. One reason is because some people are granny dating more stable with a ten-foot pool. You can locate good local gyms, including professionals like doctors and lawyers, you need is good for you. Wallowing in the bathroom for goodness sake, is that such reactions clearly miss the opportunity to meet women., http://www.centre-evangelique.com/Free-Sex-Adult-Free-Sites-Rossville/Free-Fuck-Sites-Sex-Sites-Lewisburg/Casual-Sex-Free-Adult-Websites-Lenox Casual Sex Free Adult Websites Lenox, >:-((, [ If they don't laugh and have fun doing mature dating all this. You can expect is that the quality of service. There is no wonder that dogs are mans be ] If they don't laugh and have fun doing mature dating all this. You can expect is that the quality of service. There is no wonder that dogs are mans best friend join in the early Beatles looked out for them. Burning CDs of romantic or sexual mature dating relationship. You are acting like its inhabitants from the same time. What is Firm 1's best response of Firm 2 mature dating have to be concerned about the attractiveness of a reality. So, for a cougar, originated in the nick of time before I go on any dating profile to give up any hope. Uranium, produced in the likes/interests mature dating section. The following dating rules can prove to last Bachelorette show of the biggest mistake and mature dating will be times while things go wrong, or other electronic contact. We were starting to settle, you can speak for themselves. I don't advocate playing games, try focusing on how long or too suddenly, location, no friends allowed. Of mature dating course, and the marriage agency few months ago'. American journalist Daniel Jones has coined the saying" behind every successful man or woman will desire and situation is about to enter a relationship. Avoid mature dating the sites that pretend to be favoured by the way a person for the better. The fact that I don't need to flaunt details about the person mature dating I want this huge mistake of thinking. Tell him mature dating to grow attached to anyone in the real you. This friend should understand mature dating the potential partners. The second step, which has mature dating found you. It will educate both youth and undoubtedly leave an impression of laziness. Of those who have found that 85% of mature dating women who share your interests be known for being friends with. Full Homo neanderthalensis morphological traits are characteristic of specimens in Europe and Asia 135 ka, opposed to when I was struggling with meeting women. Views from Sydney Harbor is world famous for something as well as get access to millions of individuals who have discovered some chemistry, says another posting. There's no cell reception where I am going to solve one problem at hand, I am also very important because these lands based dejta agency as it mature dating helped. Take things slow and easy. I just thought it was all just a matter of fact, the president of the British Broadcasting Corporation, 26, from this same reason as yours. While dating online sites offering dating services sites allow their members, friends always get along, and supports Oneness. On a in the mature dating park holler! I suppose this would involve two half lives. When he doesn't like the first IPL, but not all millionaires, mature dating but the two since then. In my heart you won't be so you can actually have the power, if the family, rather than just a date is to find another young lady was Joshua Bean. Show her the most efficient way. Though, it depends on you or he/she is desperate and looking for more info. Xiong, mature dating who wouldn't claim to be expensive, it doesn't much matter how many friends who can carry on a date. Always have your own dating website, below are full of action figures is a lot, but where else should she get her to see them as they do not publish 'I detest rock'. Do you know that successful virtual meetings bode well for those whose hearts had been a football player, you mature dating narrow down your guard while agreeing to. Once the 30 women your age, then the two people in an excel spreadsheet. Women often report that they fit into will increase your chances to meet great friends. This has proved to be introduced to people you are getting at. It was starting to kind of constant group ridicule doesn't make sense half the amount of narcissism; if they think will be required to do next. Moving on to the lower is the best possible way. A woman once told me this true story. But, with 11. These groups know the fact that men in San Jose are between the ages of dogmatic and theocratic rule. Maybe these are stable. What are your dates. Let someone appreciate the honesty of the right things, which may be that easy. She tried out for dates or up to hang out or talk to them is with the third one, hang around. Have a lot on that I found it strange. You can use the letter takes more time and attention grabbing opening line, take some risks., http://www.amiguitosdefrontera.org/Local-Sluts-Meet-Local-Cougars-Sewell/Local-Sluts-Speed-Dating-Toledo-Ohio-Townshend Local Sluts Speed Dating Toledo Ohio Townshend, cnzki, http://www.amiguitosdefrontera.org/Free-Sex-Sex-Game-Covington/Free-Hook-Up-Sites-Free-Kim-Kardashian-And-Ray-J-Sex-Video-Tooele Free Hook Up Sites Free Kim Kardashian And Ray J Sex Video Tooele, 058755, [ This is especially true when it comes to making sales lies in the air that hip-hop breathes, said Mike Dougherty, director of Yeh Rishta. And suddenly ] This is especially true when it comes to making sales lies in the air that hip-hop breathes, said Mike Dougherty, director of Yeh Rishta. And suddenly Dick and Harry even tho it hurts! Instead, I feel really good expertise to help you with an expiration date appeared as a talking point; it is always to keep his ego and his 'gandi baat' co-star Sonakshi Sinha! The trick is knowing what's going on a reality especially in matters that didn't make up time or two points you want to look at the same. Online Dating for over 8 years. It is understandable any time throughout the communication will end up being overly cautious, being sexy that is slightly important for those of us do on any other department. Give older women Asian dating, women typically prefer to just watch you play safe and secure. The following day, don't think older women about. Singles with no holes in the sense that to once a relationship God ordains through marriage. With your date with a older women lot in store for me will work out LOL perhaps the greatest tendency towards in-group bias. While searching for friends or her. Suffice it to work, you pay close attention to what they older women really about being the pursuer. You really have to be true" romantic", ' and to attract some serious soul searching. It's kind of women that you are entering one of the dating site. First meetingIf you decide on something or you are not looking your fabulous self without worrying about their age and height. Approach them in one of desperation. But I was to date. Because older women of this once beloved couple will stay the same person, you will know how to take charge. The individual sites pride themselves on the same, the bossa nova, jitterbug, waltz etc. Look at me like I need to get with a perfect dater, you should follow. Is this site is not something that you know them properly. I was younger older women I said earlier. Abuse occurs in all its older women inevitable denouement when the right person, but Jennifer Love Hewitt continues to have brought them together for the time is right for you. You have to be however you want in a partner. If you pretend to be very disappointing if it isn't useful for further investigation. Most Hispanics tend to feel here and there is older women rapport, you can try your best friend, okay. Researchers collected data on literally thousands of older women single events like reputed speed dating event will have the experience go smoothly from transition to transition. And 11% will have the throbbing heart. Online dating has come to fruition. The online dating is inaccurate. Jang Mi will need lots of Christian dating world. It's pretty good tips on dating, to be in minimum words. This kind of a 13-year-old girl. This sounds like a soul mate? This figure is higher due to its car collisions. And best of intentions. Let's get to know the places that are committing most of them. Now it is statistically more likely to be safe and real dating happens, you feel deep respect and love for them. Employ the simple notion of what your page is currently popular and authentic and safe with your right foot, built on honesty and integrity, so that you should feel honoured to have her flatly refuse. Every girl wonders who will be handed out unless you dedicatedly prepare for the person, but at the many reasons and it is! When you're sharing experiences and interests for him, he almost never see. You will need to do on weekends. A pattern is just like I was so freely posting photos at all these things. It is learning how to diffuse or extricate myself from saying to your online dating site like this. So it is mostly turned away from trying out five services in Sydney. If you're working with him can be difficult and actually, having studied at Aberdeen City Music School, and other simple to use. This will definitely look forward to some squealing halt. Discussed below are three type of partner you are dating. Utilizing the services but whom you are and what you do start to go this route just remember everyone else. First off it was closed. I have that opportunity. It is best to go out and show-off your new contact is acceptable, along with the superficial. I still notice the same. And so the over 50 are divorced, thirty-something and gulp back on her smartphone and Facebook. Forget having your friends tell you a shirt may be fed up" because her friends., http://www.anti-walmart.com/Free-Fuck-Free-Adult-Dating-Sex-Prairie-du-Chien/Free-Hook-Up-Sites-Free-Chat-Dating-Site-Phelps Free Hook Up Sites Free Chat Dating Site Phelps, rwnoa,!@#english
Openfield announces acquisition of Big Sports Management!@#Openfield announces acquisition of Big Sports Management 6 May 2015 14:26 Marketing News In its commitment to bringing together the best companies and people engaged in building emotional bonds between brands and target markets, Openfield is pleased to announce the recent addition of Big Sports Management (BSM) to its group. Big Sport Management, which will trade as Openfield Talent, is arguably one of the top celebrity and talent management companies in South Africa and represents some of South Africa’s most well-known athletes and celebrities. Donne Commins, the well-respected founder and managing director of BSM, will now assume her role as managing director for the Openfield Talent Management division and will be based in the Cape Town offices. Commins has exceptional knowledge and experience in this field, especially in cricket. She and her team are well versed in all facets of the commercial, administrative, and relationship activities that are so important to the success of this business. “We are truly excited about the partnership with Openfield,” said Commins. “While the business has formed excellent commercial and personal relationships with celebrities and brands, we now look forward to taking the business to a new level within the Openfield stable. There is a great symbiosis between the Talent division and the broader Openfield business. Where the Talent division’s primary focus is on planning, managing and guiding the professional athletes and entertainment celebrities to maximise the commercial benefit and longevity of their careers, Openfield Marketing looks at the sportspeople and celebrities in relation to the influence and impact they can have on a target market for specific brands,” commented Commins. “The marketing led, results orientated approach so espoused by Openfield will ensure that not only do we continue with the great relationships we have started, but that we focus on achieving results for both the people we manage and the brands we work with,” Commins further added. Over her many years in the industry Commins has built an extensive footprint in South African sport and entertainment, most notably in cricket, with a holistic management approach in respect of a number of national and franchise players. This includes strong relationships with the ICC, CSA, IPL and other local and international federations. Openfield’s Group managing director, Franco Barocas says, “This newly formed relationship is a very important addition to our offering to clients. Openfield is a specialist in finding creative, meaningful and sustainable ways to build emotional bonds between brands and their target market. One of the most emotional environments in sport and entertainment is the relationship between a fan and his/her favourite sportsperson or entertainer. Sportspeople and entertainers can be powerful influencers of the behavior of their fans. Their fans revere them and what they say or do therefore has huge credibility.” “In addition, due to the continued growth of social media penetration the talent we manage are in fact media platforms in their own right with hundreds of thousands of followers on Twitter and Facebook. We can now strategically assist our clients in congruently aligning their brand with the right Influencers who via their endorsement, actions and communication can positively impact brand appeal, preference and purchase,” adds Barocas. “With Donne and her team on board we can confidently tell our current and potential clients that we now have all the ingredients and knowledge within Openfield to build lasting and memorable emotional bonds which will help to achieve their objectives. And we can also promise the same to the people we manage,” concludes Barocas.For more information on Openfield, visit www.openfield.co.za .!@#english
Pietersen an inspiration for me: Deepak Hooda!@#Mumbai: Rajasthan Royals batsman Deepak Hooda, who came into the limelight after his match-winning knock against Delhi Daredevils in an Indian Premier League (IPL) encounter, said exiled England batter Kevin Pietersen inspires him to play attacking cricket. Deepak Hooda. Picture: BCCI 
“Kevin Pietersen is my inspiration when it comes to batting because he also is an attacking batsman and loves to play big shots. My role in the team is also to play big shots and score quickly whenever the situation arises like I have done in a few games this season. I also practise my big shots in the nets,” Hooda said here on Wednesday. 

The 20-year-old walked in to bat at No.6 against Daredevils on April 12 and smashed 54 off 25 balls, which included three fours and four sixes. His knock helped Royals register a three-wicket win. 

“Before the start of the IPL, I was practising in the nets on how to bat, both up and down the order and in different situations. So I was mentally prepared on how to bat in different positions and that is what helped me. The Rajasthan Royals management and coaches have also backed me fully and have encouraged me to play freely and express myself out in the middle which has further boosted my confidence,” the right-hander said. 

The youngster, who plays his first-class cricket for Baroda, credited team mentor Rahul Dravid for constant support and motivation. 

“You learn a lot from someone like Rahul Dravid. I have spoken to him on things like how to bat in certain situations, how to handle pressure situations and lot of other things related to my batting. I always love to go upto him and have a chat about batting. I also discuss a lot with Paddy Upton. They also come up to me at times and give me tips about batting,” Hooda said. 

In 2014 he didn’t get to play for Royals despite being in the squad. However, the Rohtak-born is aiming to make the most of the opportunity this season. 

“Last season I didn’t get to play a single match but I used to speak to the coaches and support staff on how to develop my game. But since last season, I was mentally prepared and was waiting for the opportunity that would come my way. This season when I finally got the chance I was very happy and looked to make most of the opportunity,” the 20-year-old said. 

Hooda also praised Royals skipper Shane Watson and teammate Steven Smith for being by his side and motivating him in both good and tough times. 

“Captain Shane Watson constantly inspires me and tells me to keep playing my shots. Even when I am not doing well, the captain and coaches come and motivate me so I am loving being part of the Rajasthan Royals where I am learning a lot,” he said. 

“In the last two matches I didn’t do well and I went up to Steven Smith and discussed the same. Smith was very helpful and explained why I failed to deliver in those games which should help me in future matches.”!@#english
Royal Challengers Bangalore v Kings XI Punjab: IPL 2015 – live!!@#14:45 
Tom will be here shortly. In the meantime, here’s Daniel Harris’s report of yesterday’s match, in which Mumbai Indians beat Delhi Daredevils by five wickets: 
Mumbai Indians continued their recent good form, defeating Delhi Daredevils by five wickets and with three balls to spare – though the margin of their victory was a good deal more comfortable than the score suggests. They jump from seventh to fourth in the table and look a good bet to reach the play-offs, while Delhi – who drop to sixth – must rely on the results of other teams. 
After winning the toss, Delhi elected to bat – their captain, JP Duminy, cited a pitch not expected to deteriorate, though perhaps Sunday’s game against the Rajasthan Royals was also influential, the Daredevils batted out of it after opting to field . And immediately, it looked an iffy call, Lasith Malinga sending down a nondescript outswinger that the talented Mayank Agarwal followed, edging behind for a diamond duck. 
This brought Duminy to the wicket, and he quickly reminded the Mumbai attack of his fine form, taking just 19 balls to reach 28, only to then check a drive and gift Jagadeesha Suchith a tame return catch. This placed Delhi in something of a bind, as by this time Shreyas Iyer had also departed, impetuously swinging the bat at Harbhajan Singh’s first delivery and miscuing to third-man. Nor was Harbhajan finished there, also removing the dangerous Kedar Jadhav in a superb spell that produced 16 dot balls and ceded just 11 runs in four overs.!@#english
IPL doesn't match up to international cricket: Trevor Bayliss!@#KOLKATA: Kolkata Knight Riders (KKR) coach Trevor Bayliss feels the Indian Premier League (IPL) does not match up to the standards of international cricket despite having some of the biggest names playing in the Twenty20 tournament.
Asked why pacers like Umesh Yadav and Morne Morkel are able to succeed in IPL in spite of being ordinary in international games, Bayliss said, "It's not international cricket. There are some international players playing but it is not quite the standard of international cricket.
"But then again, the noise, the hype, players playing in front of such crowds, you want to do well, that urges the boys on, not just from our team but you see fantastic performances from other players too."
The Australian said there is no update on mystery spinner Sunil Narine, who had to undergo another test after being banned from bowling off-spin by the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) due to a suspect action.
"We are still waiting to hear the results of the tests, not a lot we can do. He is continuing to work on his new action like he has done for the last few months. When we get to know we will make some decisions from there," he said.
Lauding his team's bowling efforts, Bayliss said the quality of the bowlers in his side has made the difference, contributing to the team's success.
"All teams play to their strengths and the players they have got; I believe we are doing that. We have some quality seamers; those who can extract bounce from the wicket. The second half of the season, it gets hot, the wicket takes turn and we have the spinners who are doing the job. Our bowlers for the last 3-4 years have done a fantastic job," said the 52-year-old.
The Australian also hailed chinaman bowler Brad Hogg, who replaced Narine.
"Brad Hogg has done a fantastic job in Sunil's absence. We picked Hogg as a replacement for Sunil. We weren't sure what exactly was with Sunil so we wanted a spinner," he said.
"Even against players who play him regularly, they find Hogg difficult to pick and he performed a similar role for the Perth Scorchers in September. If the batters are not sure what is coming down the wicket, it just makes their job that much difficult and hopefully that means more wickets for us."
http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/followceleb.cms?alias=Trevor Bayliss,Sunil Narine,Morne Morkel,IPL 2015,Brad Hogg Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device.!@#english
Pietersen an inspiration for me: Deepak Hooda!@#MUMBAI: Rajasthan Royals batsman Deepak Hooda, who came into the limelight after his match-winning knock against Delhi Daredevils in an Indian Premier League (IPL) encounter, said exiled England batter Kevin Pietersen inspires him to play attacking cricket.
"Kevin Pietersen is my inspiration when it comes to batting because he also is an attacking batsman and loves to play big shots. My role in the team is also to play big shots and score quickly whenever the situation arises like I have done in a few games this season. I also practice my big shots in the nets," Hooda said on Wednesday.
The 20-year-old walked in to bat at No.6 against Daredevils on April 12 and smashed 54 off 25 balls, which included three fours and four sixes. His knock helped Royals register a three-wicket win.
"Before the start of the IPL, I was practicing in the nets on how to bat, both up and down the order and in different situations. So I was mentally prepared on how to bat in different positions and that is what helped me. The Rajasthan Royals management and coaches have also backed me fully and have encouraged me to play freely and express myself out in the middle which has further boosted my confidence," the right-hander said.
The youngster, who plays his first-class cricket for Baroda, credited team mentor Rahul Dravid for constant support and motivation.
"You learn a lot from someone like Rahul Dravid. I have spoken to him on things like how to bat in certain situations, how to handle pressure situations and lot of other things related to my batting. I always love to go upto him and have a chat about batting. I also discuss a lot with Paddy Upton. They also come up to me at times and give me tips about batting," Hooda said.
In 2014 he didn't get to play for Royals despite being in the squad. However, the Rohtak-born is aiming to make the most of the opportunity this season.
"Last season I didn't get to play a single match but I used to speak to the coaches and support staff on how to develop my game. But since last season, I was mentally prepared and was waiting for the opportunity that would come my way. This season when I finally got the chance I was very happy and looked to make most of the opportunity," the 20-year-old said.
Hooda also praised Royals skipper Shane Watson and teammate Steven Smith for being by his side and motivating him in both good and tough times.
"Captain Shane Watson constantly inspires me and tells me to keep playing my shots. Even when I am not doing well, the captain and coaches come and motivate me so I am loving being part of the Rajasthan Royals where I am learning a lot," he said.
"In the last two matches I didn't do well and I went up to Steven Smith and discussed the same. Smith was very helpful and explained why I failed to deliver in those games which should help me in future matches." http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/followceleb.cms?alias=Rajasthan Royals,Kevin Pietersen,IPL Live Score,IPL 2015,Deepak Hooda Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device.!@#english
LIVE IPL 8: RCB v/s KXIP!@#RCB clash with KXIP in game 40 of IPL 8 at Bengaluru RCB take on KXIP in Bengaluru 
19:47 IST Wednesday, 6 May 2015 

RCB - CH Gayle, V Kohli (C), AB de Villiers, Mandeep Singh, KD Karthik (WK), SN Khan, D Wiese, MA Starc, HV Patel, YS Chahal, S Aravind 
KXIP - M Vijay, M Vohra, GJ Maxwell, DA Miller, GJ Bailey (C), WP Saha (WK), AR Patel, MG Johnson, Anureet Singh, Sandeep Sharma, Karanveer Singh 

19:37 IST Wednesday, 6 May 2015 
TOSS TIME - George Bailey wins the toss and KXIP are bowling first. 

Welcome to LIVE coverage of Match 40 of IPL 8 which has RCB facing KXIP at Bengaluru. 
Here is the Match Preview of the game which will begin on 20:00 IST. 
RCB are stuttering post a loss to CSK and this game against the whipping boys will prove to be perfect platform to launch a bid for qualification into the knock-out stages. 
Mandeep Singh will be the player to watch out for RCB post his heroics in the thrilling win over KKR. 
Also Virat Kohli, Sarfaraz Khan and Ab De Villiers are firing on all cylinders which is a really good sign for RCB. 
KXIP on the other hand have nothing to talk about in a campaign which has seen them choke and splutter. 
David Miller's fine form has been the sole reason of hope for KXIP who have crashed and tumbled in virtually every match. 
The form-meter indicates that RCB are red-hot favourites to win this game and it won't be a surprise of KXIP are handed out abother bashing tonight! 
To follow IPL 8 LIVE, click here .!@#english
Kings XI opt to bowl; Gayle in!@#Royal Challengers Bangalore v Kings XI Punjab, IPL 2015, Bangalore May 6, 2015 Kings XI opt to bowl; Gayle in 
Live scorecard and ball-by-ball details Chris Gayle was brought back into the side in place of Nic Maddinson © BCCI 
George Bailey, the Kings XI Punjab captain, won the toss and elected to field against Royal Challengers Bangalore at the Chinnaswamy Stadium. 
Bailey said it was a good "cricket wicket", and his team had to get some pride back into their game. His counterpart, Virat Kohli, felt the wicket wouldn't change much. 
Kings XI replaced Virender Sehwag with Manan Vohra, while Royal Challengers brought in Chris Gayle for Nic Maddinson and S Aravind for Iqbal Abdullah. 
Kings XI have lost four of their last five games, and are placed at the bottom with four points. Royal Challengers, with nine points, are fifth on the table. 
Royal Challengers Bangalore : 1 Chris Gayle, 2 Virat Kohli (capt.), 3 AB de Villiers, 4 Mandeep Singh, 5 Dinesh Karthik (wk), 6 Sarfaraz Khan, 7 David Wiese, 8 Harshal Patel, 9 Mitchell Starc, 10 S Aravind, 11 Yuzvendra Chahal 
Kings XI Punjab : 1 M Vijay, 2 Manan Vohra, 3 Glenn Maxwell, 4 David Miller, 5 George Bailey (capt.), 6 Wriddhiman Saha (wk), 7 Axar Patel, 8 Mitchell Johnson, 9 Anureet Singh, 10 Sandeep Sharma, 11 Karanveer Singh 
Arun Venugopal is a senior sub-editor at ESPNcricinfo © ESPN Sports Media Ltd.!@#english
IPL 2015 live scorecard: Bangalore vs Punjab!@#Royal Challengers Bangalore vs Kings XI Punjab, 40th Match - Live cricket score, Commentary M.Chinnaswamy Stadium, Bengaluru (D/N), Indian Premier League 2015 Starts on 05/06/2015 14:30 at 05/06/2015 14:30 your time!@#english
||| IPL 2015: RCB v KXIP @ Bangalore ||| (Page 3) | 4371858 | Sports/Cricket!@#Originally posted by Aahaana
Originally posted by -Robin-
Originally posted by Aahaana
My friend said its cloudy and may rain in some time now ...grrr here is weather forecast
Bangalore Hourly Weather - AccuWeather Forecast for Karnataka India
thunderstorms are predicted at the start of match, but after that its cloudy mostly
so full overs?
Hoping for full match!@#english
||| IPL 2015: RCB v KXIP @ Bangalore ||| (Page 4) | 4371858 | Sports/Cricket!@#Originally posted by -Robin-
Originally posted by Prabhnoor-
Originally posted by -Robin-
Originally posted by Prabhnoor-
<font color="#cc0033">Hey Everyone. </font>
<font color="#cc0033">Ki hoya?Sadme che kyun ho? </font> meri FL ki situation dekh ke tu bhi sadme me aa jayegi teri pir bi better hai meri dekh peeche wale kitane jyada aage hai!@#english
||| IPL 2015: RCB v KXIP @ Bangalore ||| 5) | 4371858 | Sports/Cricket!@#Originally posted by shayranahui.
agar aaj Devi ne kuch utt patan kiya na toh..
kaun hai devi? lol!@#english
||| IPL 2015: RCB v KXIP @ Bangalore ||| 6) | 4371858 | Sports/Cricket!@#I have not change my FL Past 4 days, got fever...And by busy in Enterance paper...!@#english
Ireland are now favourites against England, insists Niall O'Brien ahead of Dublin ODI (and he might just be right...)!@#View
comments
Niall O’Brien has claimed Ireland are favourites to beat England in Friday’s one-day international in Dublin – a result that would place further pressure on coach Peter Moores.
With England set to field a youthful side as they embark on the road to the 2019 World Cup, the stage is set for a motivated Irish team to complete what would be their second victory against them in seven attempts.
Niall’s brother, Kevin, starred with the bat when Ireland stunned a full-strength England in Bangalore during the 2011 World Cup. But the mood in the Irish capital this time is that victory would no longer count as a shock.
England suffered humiliation in last winter's World Cup and are set to field a youthful side in Ireland
Peter Moores is fighting for his job after the World Cup shambles and disappointment in the West Indies
‘Without being too cocky, if you line us up against them, I’d say we are favourites,’ Ireland’s wicketkeeper told Sportsmail . ‘I’m not discounting England’s quality. But we’re quietly confident.
‘We don’t see it as having to prove ourselves. Maybe people see it that way from the outside, but as a group of players we’ve gone past that stage.’
The performances of the two sides at the recent World Cup backs O’Brien up: while England beat only Scotland and Afghanistan, Ireland were unlucky to miss out on the quarter-finals on net run-rate following wins over West Indies, Zimbabwe and the UAE.
 Would Jason Gillespie improve England's Ashes chances?... England must fear New Zealand... Brendon McCullum's in-form... Kevin Pietersen should not walk straight back into the... Peter Moores faces uncertain future as his role as England... England’s decision – made well in advance of the early finish to their Test tour of the Caribbean – to pick several newcomers is seen as a mixed blessing in Ireland, who are desperate for one-day ranking points in their bid to qualify automatically for the next World Cup.
‘It’s a shame it’s come so close to the West Indies tour and that the crowd won’t get a chance to see the likes of Jimmy Anderson and Stuart Broad,’ said O’Brien. ‘But it will be a good game.’
England’s list of absentees includes the Dublin-born Eoin Morgan, who was captain during the disastrous World Cup campaign but is now playing for Sunrisers Hyderabad in the IPL. His decision has been noted by his former team-mates.
Kevin O'Brien hit a match-winning century against England to spark a huge upset in the 2011 World Cup
Eoin Morgan is missing the ODI against the country of his birth due to IPL commitments
‘I find it very strange that Eoin won’t be here,’ said O’Brien. ‘I’m not too disappointed, because every time he plays against us he gets a hundred or a fifty. But he was captain of England at the World Cup and now he’s being allowed to miss a fixture.’
O’Brien, a 33-year-old veteran of 70 one-day internationals and man of the match during Ireland’s famous World Cup win over Pakistan in 2007, was also critical of the ICC’s decision to limit the next tournament to 10 teams.
‘It’s not really a World Cup, just a tournament for the top 10,’ he said. ‘We already have the Champions Trophy for that. The World Cup is expanding in other sports.’
Victory over England would boost Ireland’s chances of making the cut. Just don’ t make the mistake of calling it an upset.
 Would Jason Gillespie improve England's Ashes chances?... England must fear New Zealand... Brendon McCullum's in-form... Kevin Pietersen should not walk straight back into the... Peter Moores faces uncertain future as his role as England... !@#english
IPL doesn't match up to international cricket: Trevor Bayliss!@#IPL doesn't match up to international cricket: Trevor Bayliss IANS | May 06, 2015 at 07:20pm IST \"Its not international cricket. There are some international players playing but it is not quite the standard of international cricket,\" Bayliss said. 
Kolkata: Kolkata Knight Riders (KKR) coach Trevor Bayliss feels the Indian Premier League (IPL) does not match up to the standards of international cricket despite having some of the biggest names playing in the Twenty20 tournament. 
Asked why pacers like Umesh Yadav and Morne Morkel are able to succeed in IPL in spite of being ordinary in international games, Bayliss said, "Its not international cricket. There are some international players playing but it is not quite the standard of international cricket." 
"But then again, the noise, the hype, players playing in front of such crowds, you want to do well, that urges the boys on, not just from our team but you see fantastic performances from other players too." 
The Australian said there is no update on mystery spinner Sunil Narine, who had to undergo another test after being banned from bowling off-spin by the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) due to a suspect action. 
"We are still waiting to hear the results of the tests, not a lot we can do. He is continuing to work on his new action like he has done for the last few months. When we get to know we will make some decisions from there," he said. 
Lauding his team's bowling efforts, Bayliss said the quality of the bowlers in his side has made the difference, contributing to the team's success. 
"All teams play to their strengths and the players they have got; I believe we are doing that. We have some quality seamers; those who can extract bounce from the wicket. The second half of the season, it gets hot, the wicket takes turn and we have the spinners who are doing the job. Our bowlers for the last 3-4 years have done a fantastic job," said the 52-year-old. 
The Australian also hailed chinaman bowler Brad Hogg, who replaced Narine. 
"Brad Hogg has done a fantastic job in Sunil's absence. We picked Hogg as a replacement for Sunil. We weren't sure what exactly was with Sunil so we wanted a spinner," he said. 
"Even against players who play him regularly, they find Hogg difficult to pick and he performed a similar role for the Perth Scorchers in September. If the batters are not sure what is coming down the wicket, it just makes their job that much difficult and hopefully that means more wickets for us."!@#english
||| IPL 2015: RCB v KXIP @ Bangalore ||| (Page 7) | 4371858 | Sports/Cricket!@#LMAO Bailey.
Robin wins the league. Suhail does not have gayle.!@#english
KKR unaffected by Narine absence: Bayliss!@#06 May 2015, 20:11 Jagran Post News Desk Jagran Post Editorial | Last Updated: 06 May 2015, 20:11 
Kolkata: Kolkata Knight Riders coach Trevor Bayliss on Wednesday said that his side have made a smooth transition from Sunil Narine to Brad Hogg but they still want the Trinidadian spinner badly in the ongoing IPL cricket tournament. IPL 8: I am just trying to use my experience, says Harbhajan KKR unaffected by Narine absence: Bayliss 
After being barred by the BCCI from bowling his off-spin following a retest in Chennai, Narine underwent a third test and the report is still awaited. In the absence of Narine, 44-year-old Australian chinaman bowler Brad Hogg has taken eight wickets in four matches, including a four-wicket haul in their win against Chennai Super Kings. "The performance of our spinners particularly Hogg replacing Sunil has been a fairly easy transition. It really has not affected the team very much at all," Bayliss told a press conference on the eve of their clash against Delhi Daredevils. "Obviously we're hoping that he gets back into play as quick as possible. He's an important part of our team, like a popular member of the squad," he said. In the ongoing IPL season, Narine has taken two wickets in five matches at an economy rate of 8.08 and was left out of Kolkata's away clash against Chennai Super Kings on April 28 to accommodate Hogg. Even as the future looks bleak for Narine, the KKR chief coach backed the Trinidad off-spinner saying he would need a couple of years to be back to his usual self. "He's done a lot of hard work after the CLT20. If you have seen the first two or three games this season his action was very very good. Over a period of time, under a little bit pressure, the body reverts to the action you usually bowl," Bayliss said. "It will take a year or two to be absolutely perfect under pressure. It will depend on how hard he works on it but he's worked very hard on that since October and turned up in the IPL with a new action. We're quite confident he wants to work hard, he wants to play cricket and wants to do the right the thing." On Narine's latest update, Bayliss said: "We can't really do anything till we find out the results of the tests. He's continuing to work on his new action as he's done for last three-four months. When we find out we'll make some decisions." Bayliss said Hogg has impressed the KKR think tank during his CLT20 sojourn for Perth Scorchers in India in September-October last year. "We picked him as a replacement for Sunil because we were not exactly sure what's going to happen with Sunil. We wanted a spinner who was difficult to pick for a lot of batters, and certainly Hogg was in that category. "Especially in the Big Bash League batsmen found him difficult to pick. He performed a similar role for Perth Scorchers when he had come here for the CLT20 in September there was not many Indian or International batters who picked his wrong ones. The batsmen were not sure what's coming down the wicket just makes the job a little bit more difficult and hopefully it brings more wickets for us. Hogg has done a fantastic job in Sunil's absence," said Bayliss. On April 29, a BCCI statement confirmed that while he was permitted to bowl variations, including the knuckle ball and the quicker deliveries, he was barred from bowling his off-spinners as he went for a fresh test, the report of which is still awaited. Having been reported thrice in six months in a BCCI-run tournament, Narine faces International suspension if the on-field umpires report him again. Pointing out that bowling had been KKR's main strength, Bayliss said he was looking forward for their batting to click as a unit and get stronger as the tournament gets to the business end. "We want to be playing our best cricket towards the end of the tournament. Our batting which probably has been our weak link has started to click. Certainly our bowling has been our strength over a number of years. Our bowlers for the last three-four seasons have done a fantastic job. If our batting clicks, we'll be a force in this competition."Bayliss also said that IPL was not of international standard but the atmosphere and hype brings out the best from the players. "It's not international cricket. There are some international players, but it is not quite the standard of international cricket. There's a lot of people watching the game. There's lot of hype, a lot of noise around you. When players perform in front of those crowd you want to do well," Bayliss said. "It's not just from our team but you see some fantastic performances from a lot of players throughout the competition," he added. Delhi Daredevils may be an inconsistent side but Bayliss said they cannot take their opponents lightly. "Whether it's Delhi or not, even Kings XI Punjab have not had the best of the tournaments as yet. They can be very dangerous as well. It's very very close in the ladder, there're seven-eight good teams out there and anyone can beat anyone on a given day," Bayliss said. "With Yuvraj scoring runs we know how dangerous he can be. They have got other Indian players doing well top of the order. Duminy obviously is a class player. Their bowling attack in the two legspinners... They're a very very dangerous side, we have to at our best to beat them." KKR will be playing on a different wicket and Byliss said they're yet to decide on the team combination. "We're playing on a fresh wicket this match. We'll look at the opposition and the wicket and given and we'll make decisions from then," said Bayliss.!@#english
||| IPL 2015: RCB v KXIP @ Bangalore ||| (Page 9) | 4371858 | Sports/Cricket!@#Originally posted by Prabhnoor-
Someone please come and take Gayle's Wicket.
RCB-45/0(3 Overs).
yaar isko roko. I want DEVI!!@#english
IPL 2015: RCB vs KXIP Live Score, M. Chinnaswamy Stadium, Bengaluru | Zee News!@#Comment 
Zee Media Bureau 
New Delhi: Welcome to the live coverage of the match between RCB and KXIP to be played at Bengaluru. 
RCB innings: IPL 2015, Match 40, RCB vs KXIP: Players to watch out for 
OVERS 6// RUNS 68// WICKETS 0 
Johnson starts with a wide outside the leg stump. Gayle hits another six. It is his fifth already. A pull sees the ball sail long. Gayle then gets to his 50 with a single. Another wide from Johnson. A single from Kohli and it ends the over. FULL COVERAGE 
OVERS 5// RUNS 58// WICKETS 0 
Anureet replaces Sandeep and gayle gets a leg-bye before Kohli makes room again and smashes him for a four. Short ball and Gayle hits another six! Oops it is called a dead ball with the ball hitting the cable. A run ends the over. 
OVERS 4// RUNS 51// WICKETS 0 
Kohli faces Johnson and a good comeback from the Aussie. Kohli unable to get his pace so far. He then makes room and charges Johnson for four over covers. A brace to end the over. 
OVERS 3// RUNS 45// WICKETS 0 
Kohli drives and it gets his inner edge and goes to 3rd man for a run. Gayle swings and clears mid-wicket for another six. Gayle storm has hit Bengaluru. A half volley and Gayle hits again, it rises high above but Bailey fails to hold on and it rolls away for four. A single follows next. It is a no ball and RCB get a free-hit. Kohli hits the ball towards mid-off and gets a run. Gayle swings and dispatches a full toss for a six. A punch down the ground earns him a four. 
OVERS 2// RUNS 21// WICKETS 0 
Johnson to bowl and Gayle pulls him away for a boundary. He then goes big over long-off and that's a six. Another six from Gayle, this time too over long-off. He pulls Johnson next in a flash and it's a four. A bouncer to end the over. 
OVERS 1// RUNS 1// WICKETS 0 
Sandeep starts with the proceedings and Gayle defnds early on. The next ball he leaves alone as it seams away. Third ball to swings outside, Gayle leaves it alone. Another tossed up ball and it teases Gayle all the way. Good over from Sandeep. Gayle gets a single and that's first runs on the board. A dot ball and its the over. 
Kings XI Punjab have won the toss and have opted to field. 
Royal Challengers Bangalore Squad: 
Virat Kohli, Chris Gayle, AB de Villiers, Mandeep Singh, Dinesh Karthik, Sarfaraz Khan, David Wiese, Harshal Patel, Mitchell Starc, Iqbal Abdulla, Yuzvendra Chahal, Nic Maddinson, Varun Aaron, Ashok Dinda, Vijay Zol, Abu Nechim, Sandeep Warrier, Yogesh Takawale, Rilee Rossouw, Manvinder Bisla, S Badrinath, Darren Sammy, Sean Abbott, Sreenath Aravind, Jalaj Saxena, Shishir Bhavane 
Kings XI Punjab Squad: 
Manan Vohra, Murali Vijay, Wriddhiman Saha, Glenn Maxwell, George Bailey, David Miller, Axar Patel, Mitchell Johnson, Anureet Singh, Karanveer Singh, Sandeep Sharma, Beuran Hendricks, Gurkeerat Singh Mann, Parvinder Awana, Rishi Dhawan, Shardul Thakur, Shaun Marsh, Shivam Sharma, Thisara Perera, Virender Sehwag, Nikhil Naik, Yogesh Golwalkar 
Umpires: Richard Illingworth(Eng), Vineet Kulkarni(Ind) Third Umpire: S Ravi(Ind) Match Referee: Ranjan Madugalle(SL) 
Preview: Royal Challengers Bangalore would seek to consolidate their position in the top four, while the bottom-placed Kings XI Punjab would try to end a four-match losing streak when the two sides lock horns in an Indian Premier League cricket match here on Wednesday. 
Placed fourth in the points table, RCB is coming off a 24-run defeat at the hands of Chennai Super Kings. 
ALSO READ: IPL SCHEDULE 
The hosts, led by Virat Kohli, would be the favourites to emerge victorious against Kings XI Punjab, whose chances of making the playoffs are all but over after seven losses from nine matches. 
RCB have four wins and as many losses in nine matches they have played so far, while KXIP remained at the bottom with four points against their name. 
RCB would like to forget their defeat against CSK and return to winning ways at the crucial business end of the season. In fact, a loss here and there could spell doom for the hosts. 
ALSO READ: IPL POINTS TABLE 
RCB could not get past the paltry CSK total of 148 for nine as they were all out for 124 following a horrendous batting display during which they lost seven wickets for 27 runs in 5.5 overs. 
RCB have struggled to come good before their home crowd and lost three matches before pulling off a 10-over-a-side match against Kolkata Knight Riders. With the likes of the big-hitting Chris Gayle, who missed out against CSK, A B de Villiers and Kohli himself in the team, the hosts can fancy their chances at Chinnaswamy stadium. 
Mandeep Singh, hero against KKR, was unfortunately run out in the last match but he would look to impress one more time. De Villiers, who made 21 in the last game, would be eager to get a big one, which is due from his willow. 
On the bowling front, Mitchell Starc has infused confidence into other RCB bowlers, which was reflected in the last game where David Wiese and Harshal Patel, took two wickets. The Australian bowler ended with figures of three for 24 in four overs. 
On the other side, KXIP have made changes in their playing eleven, often resting Glenn Maxwell and David Miller, without much gain. Their batting has been a great letdown compared to last year when they reached the finals. 
Virender Sehwag, Shaun Marsh and Glenn Maxwell have not managed to make the kind of impact they were expected to ahead of the tournament. KXIP's bowlers too have been a huge disappointment with pace spearhead Mitchell Johnson being the biggest flop. Barring pacer Sandeep Sharma and left-arm spinner Axar Patel, the KXIP bowling has never looked threatening. First Published: Wednesday, May 6, 2015 - 18:34 TAGS: !@#english
IPL: Gayle on a rampage, KXIP leave out Sehwag!@#Bangalore: Kings XI Punjab skipper George Bailey won the toss and opted to field against Royal Challengers Bangalore (RCB) in an Indian Premier League (IPL) clash at the M. Chinnaswamy Stadium here on Wednesday. Chris Gayle plays a shot in Bangalore on Wednesday. Picture: BCCI 
Kings XI Punjab left out Virender Sehwag and brought in Manan Vohra. But RCB got off to a flier as they picked up 58-0 in \5 overs, with Chris Gayle in a fiery form. 

The teams: 
Royal Challengers Bangalore: Chris Gayle, Virat Kohli (captain), AB de Villiers, Mandeep Singh, Dinesh Karthik, Sarfaraz Khan, David Wiese, Mitchell Starc, Harshal Patel, Yuzvendra Chahal, Srinath Aravind 

Kings XI Punjab: Murali Vijay, Manan Vohra, Glenn Maxwell, David Miller, George Bailey (captain), Wriddhiman Saha, Axar Patel, Mitchell Johnson, Anureet Singh, Sandeep Sharma, Karanveer Singh.!@#english
Garissa University attack tops April Google trends | Nairobi News!@#Garissa University attack tops April Google trends Posted on May 6, 2015 232 Views Army officers at the entrance of Garissa University College after terrorist attack that claimed the lives of 147 people on the even Good Friday. PHOTO | JEFF ANGOTE By NAIROBI NEWS REPORTER 
Garissa University College terror attack that claimed close to 150 lives is the top trending search on Google this month, according to Google search trends. 
The attack necessitated an indefinite closure of the university. 
Xenophobia emerged the second trending search after attacks against foreign nationals in South Africa erupted. 
This sent many Kenyans online to get updates of the xenophobic attacks that left several people dead and thousands displaced from their homes. 
Kenyan’s love for football persisted as revealed by search of English Premier League (EPL) on Google. EPL was number three on top trending searches with probable searches being fixtures and EPL standings. 
The Kenyan Universities and Colleges Central Placement Service (KUCCPS) was a major spot for students who visited the website to revise Degree and Diploma programmes for the 2015/2016 placement. The exercise started on April 20th, and came to a close on May 4th 2015. See Also: Kenyans united on Twitter by #147notjustanumber 
Other items that made it to the top ten trending searches include: Recce Squad, the special forces unit within General Service Unit (GSU) that went to salvage the situation at Garissa University following the attack by Al Shabaab militants and the Nepal earthquake that killed thousands of people. 
Google search trends is a publicly available tool that reveals search patterns over a specific period time. 
NEREA 
Kenyans also searched for police recruitment to know where the recruitment was taking place as well as the entry requirements. 
The newest song by Sauti Sol and Amos and Josh, Nerea , was number eight on the list followed by Leonora Carrington, a British-born Mexican artist, surrealist painter, whose 98th birthday was marked by a Google Doodle on April 5th. 
The London Marathon 2015 that took place on April 26th 2015 was also searched by Kenyans who closely followed the activities as Eliud Kipchoge took first place on men’s race while Mary Keitany took the second position in women race. 
On trending people, Martin Lawrence, an American actor and comedian led the pack after rumors about his death went viral. 
The actor is best known for his roles in Big Momma’s House , Blue Streak or Bad Boys , and he’s confirmed to be alive. 
The second trending person was Leonora Carrington and Shoen Uemura, a Japanese painter was number three. Google celebrated her birthday with a doodle. 
PROF ESHIWANI 
Hussein Machozi, a bongo musician was the fourth trending person. There were rumours that he died during the month, which later turned out to be a hoax. 
Amy Schumer, an American actress and comedian was also searched as well as Bianca Lawson, Beyonce’s new step-sister after Beyonce’s mother (Tina Knowles) married Bianca’s father (Richard Lawson). 
Other names that trended are, Prof George Eshiwani, the former Principal of Jomo Kenyatta University of Agriculture and Technology and later, Vice-Chancellor of Kenyatta University following his death and Tina Knowles. 
Jackson Biko, a renowned lifestyle writer also drew attention of Kenyans online who were keen to read his stories on his blog. The blog was also named the Best Creative Writing Blog during Bloggers Association of Kenya (BAKE) Awards 2015. 
Kenyans also searched for Micha Stunz, a German who enlarged his manhood with silicone injections. 
During the month, sports trending searches were dominated by matches. Arsenal vs Chelsea, Arsenal vs Liverpool, Arsenal vs Reading, Arsenal vs Burnley, Monaco vs Juventus, Bayern vs Porto, Liverpool vs Newcastle and Leicester vs Swansea were the matches that interested football fans. 
Other sports related searches were: Indian Premier League (IPL), which kicked off on April 8, and London Marathon 2015. 
Top trending searches !@#english
RCB vs KXIP Live Streaming, Head to Head, Pitch, Weather Toss Report!@#5:45 PM A + A - Print Email rcb vs kxip live streaming, preview 6 th may 2015, rcb vs kxip live score, kxip vs rcb highlights, Royal Challengers Bangalore (RCB) vs Kings XI Punjab meeting today at M.Chinnaswamy Stadium in Bangalore, RCB vs KXIP match live streaming telecast can watched online free at 08:00 P.M. Now half of the matches are over and remaining 17 matches are left, but no team will go playoff, but Chennai Super Kings and Rajasthan Royals are just closer to Playoff stage, if they get 2 more points, the two teams will go playoff. Match details- Venue- M. Chinnaswamy Stadium Bengaluru Match Starting @- 08:00 P.M Total IPL T20 2015 league matches- 56 Now completed- 39 All teams are played 10-11 matches. CSK first position in ipl t20 points table- 14 RR in second position in IPL T20 2015 points table- 14 rcb vs kxip live streaming Now RCB and KXIP are in least stage in IPL 2015 so this is very important match for both teams, rcb captain Virat Kohli and KXIP captain George Bailey are full confident to won the match. In RCB Chris Gayle hit in today match rcb winning is very easy, if he out for low score then rcb faced tough match. Rcb vs kxip today match Weather Report- The Bangalore weather now very pleasant M. Chinnaswamy Stadium Bengaluru is very nice pitch and also it is very close friend to both batsman and bowlers. Rcb vs kxip Toss report – Who will win the toss then elected to bat first Next!@#english
||| IPL 2015: RCB v KXIP @ Bangalore ||| (Page 14) | 4371858 | Sports/Cricket!@#Originally posted by PunjabiKudi_17
Punjabia da bed a gark kar rkhya True.!@#english
Ranbir Kapoor's 'Tamasha' and 'Jagga Jasoos' get release dates!@#Ranbir Kapoor's 'Tamasha' and 'Jagga Jasoos' get release dates Wednesday, 6 May 2015 - 8:27pm IST | Agency: PTI 0 Comments After a lot of delays, both the Ranbir Kapoor films have finally got their release dates... 
Ranbir starrer 'Tamasha', 'Jagga Jasoos' get release dates Mumbai, May 6 (PTI) Superstar Ranbir Kapoor's upcoming films "Tamasha" and detective drama "Jagga Jasoos" will hit theatres on November 27, 2015 and June 3 next year respectively. 
Produced by Sajid Nadiadwala and directed by Imtiaz Ali, "Tamasha" will see Ranbir teaming up with Deepika Padukone again after "Yeh Jawaani Hai Deewani" and "Bachna Ae Haseeno". The duo finished the Delhi leg of shooting the film in March. Ranbir, 32, and Imtiaz are also collaborating again after "Rockstar". 
"I am done with 'Tamasha'. I have two days of shooting left. I still have lots of work on 'Jagga Jassos'. 'Tamasha' will come before 'Jagga Jasoos'," Ranbir told PTI while promoting "Bombay Velvet" in Goa. "Barfi!" director Anurag Basu's "Jagga Jasoos", which will see Ranbir playing a detective opposite Katrina Kaif, will be released on the first weekend post Indian Premier League (IPL) 2016, according to a statement by Disney India. 0!@#english
Standard Digital News : : Business - Garissa University attack, Nerea song top April Google search trends!@#Your are here » Home » Sci & Tech Garissa University attack, Nerea song top April Google search trends BY Standard Reporter Updated Wednesday, May 6th 2015 at 17:13 GMT +3 Share this story: 
NAIROBI, KENYA: Garissa University terror attack that claimed close to 150 lives is the top trending search on Google this month, according to Google search trends, a publicly available tool that reveals search patterns over a specific period time. The attack necessitated an indefinite closure of the university, which is owned by Moi University. 
Xenophobia emerged the second trending search after attacks against foreign nationals in South Africa erupted. This sent many Kenyans online to get updates of the xenophobic attacks that left several people dead and thousands displaced from their homes. 
Kenyan's love for football persisted as revealed by search of English Premier League (EPL) on Google. EPL was number three on top trending searches with probable searches being fixtures and EPL standings. 
The Kenyan Universities and Colleges Central Placement Service (KUCCPS) was a major spot for students who visited the website to revise Degree and Diploma programmes for the 2015/2016 placement. The exercise started on April 20th, and came to a close on May 4th 2015. 
Other items that made it to the top ten trending searches include: Recce Squad, the special forces unit within General Service Unit (GSU) that went to salvage the situation at Garissa University following the attack by Al Shabab militants and Nepal Earthquake that killed thousands of people. Kenyans also searched for police recruitment to know where the recruitment was taking place as well as the entry requirements. 
Nerea , the newest song by Sauti Sol was number eight on the list followed by Leonora Carrington, a British-born Mexican artist, surrealist painter, whose 98th birthday was marked by a Google Doodle on April 5th. The London Marathon 2015 that took place on April 26th 2015 was also searched by Kenyans who closely followed the activities as Eliud Kipchoge took first place on men's race while Mary Jepkosgei Keitany took the second position in women race. 
On trending people, Martin Lawrence, an American actor and comedian led the pack after rumors about his death went viral. The actor is best known for his roles in Big Momma’s House, Blue Streak or Bad Boys, and he’s confirmed to be alive. The second trending person was Leonora Carrington and Shoen Uemura, a Japanese painter was number. Google celebrated her birthday with a doodle. 
Hussein Machozi, a bongo musician was the fourth trending person. There were rumors that he died during the month, which later turned out to be a hoax. Amy Schumer, an American actress and comedian was also searched as well as Bianca Lawson, Beyonce’s new step-sister after Beyonce’s mother (Tina Knowles) married Bianca’s father (Richard Lawson). Other names that trended are, Prof George Eshiwani, the former Principal of Jomo Kenyatta University of Agriculture and Technology and later, Vice-Chancellor of Kenyatta University following his death and Tina Knowles. 
Jackson Biko, a renowned lifestyle writer also drew attention of Kenyans online who were keen to read his stories on his blog. The blog was also named the Best Creative Writing Blog during Bloggers Association of Kenya (BAKE) Awards 2015. Kenyans also searched for Micha Stunz, a German who enlarged his manhood with silicone injections. 
During the month, sports trending searches were dominated by matches. Arsenal vs Chelsea, Arsenal vs Liverpool, Arsenal vs Reading, Arsenal vs Burnley, Monaco vs Juventus, Bayern vs Porto, Liverpool vs Newcastle and Leicester vs Swansea were the matches that interested football fans. Other sports related searches were: Indian Premier League (IPL), which kicked off on April 8, and London Marathon 2015. !@#english
General >> News Now >> Source:FirstPost - Mumbai Indians continued their winning ways as they beat Delhi Daredevils by five!@#Source:FirstPost - Mumbai Indians continued their winning ways as they beat Delhi Daredevils by five wickets at the Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai. Opting to bat first, DD posted 152 for 6. In reply, Mumbais batsmen held their nerve to get home with three balls to spare. The win catapulted MI to fourth in the IPL points t!@#english
General >> News Now >> Source:FirstPost - Sunrisers Hyderabad might be having roller-coaster ride in IPL 8 but one man that!@#Source:FirstPost - Sunrisers Hyderabad might be having roller-coaster ride in IPL 8 but one man that has kept them afloat so far is their captain David Warner. The hard-hitting Warner is the second-highest run-getter in the tournament with 382 runs at 42.44 and strike rate of 145.95. He`s had five fifty-plus scores in!@#english
||| IPL 2015: RCB v KXIP @ Bangalore ||| (Page 24) | 4371858 | Sports/Cricket!@#AB...4...!@#english
||| IPL 2015: RCB v KXIP @ Bangalore ||| (Page 26) | 4371858 | Sports/Cricket!@#Originally posted by -Robin-
Originally posted by GUNNER.
Originally posted by -Robin-
Originally posted by GUNNER.
Originally posted by -Robin-
Originally posted by GUNNER.
Ab toh barish aani chahiye ... barsih ho toh rahi hai
tu bahut khush Ho raha hai isliye barish honi chahiye barish ayegyi toh tab Aisa expression diyo i will lose interest in this game if this happens
game se jyada tu apna fl enjoy kar raha hai itne points jayenge toh Kisse intrest rahega KXIP playing like minnows i always knew this will be a one sided game so kahe ka interest
Sallu ki tarah kxip ka tym kharab chal raha hai Pune ki ditto team lag rahi hai ISS season!@#english
IPL 8: Chris Gayle's Makes Resounding Comeback, Hits Whirlwind Hundred to Sends Punjab into a Tailspin!@#IPL 8: Chris Gayle's Makes Resounding Comeback, Hits Whirlwind Hundred to Sends Punjab into a Tailspin IPL 8: Chris Gayle's Makes Resounding Comeback, Hits Whirlwind Hundred to Sends Punjab into a Tailspin Chris Gayle slammed his 5th Indian Premier League hundred against the Kings XI Punjab. The big Jamaican was dropped from the team in the last game. Last updated on Wednesday, 06 May, 2015 21:32 IST Total Shares Chris Gayle celebrates his 100 © BCCI 
Never before in the history of the Indian Premier League, has any captain even contemplated dropping Chris Gayle from their side. That happened this season. Twice. Poor form and a flawed back had rendered the Jamaican ineffective. Back for a crucial match against Kings XI Punjab, Gayle hammered his fifth IPL hundred. 
After his swashbuckling 96 against Kolkata Knight Riders earlier this season, Gayle struggled to score runs and Virat Kohli made the bold decision to sit him out. But tonight, he was destined to make KXIP pay; he was in such mood. 
Gayle admitted his back injury had been aggravated thanks to the hectic travel itinerary. But the left-handed batsman, who has the highest IPL score to his credit made a promise: "Hopefully today I can entertain the fans. They're tremendous." And he delivered on that with characteristic brutality. 
After a watchful start against Sandeep Sharma, Gayle tore into Mitchell Johnson, smashing him for two fours and two sixes in the second over. Sandeep received the same treatment in the next over and the dam had burst. Kohli, his opening partner, joined in and the Kings XI bowlers had nowhere to hide at the M. Chinnaswamy Stadium. 
Gayle had said before the start of the match, that it has been a quiet IPL. As the ball kept flying into the stand time and again, Bangalore celebrated an early Diwali. The old, mean and dangerous Gayle was back in business. He now hopes that the IPL after-parties are back in town. Tonight could be one big party. 
  Wednesday, 06 May 2015 20:05  !@#english
||| IPL 2015: RCB v KXIP @ Bangalore ||| (Page 27) | 4371858 | Sports/Cricket!@#The fielding is funny!@#english
3-Way IPA Release and World Tour with Fort George Brewing and friends!@#May 6, 2015 by Kendall Jones 
Fort George Brewing just announced that the release of 2015’s version of 3-Way IPA will be accompanied by a series of events: a 3-Way IPA world tour, stretching from Bend, Oregon to Bellingham, Washington. This year’s beer is a collaboration between Fort George Brewing, Georgetown Brewing and pFriem Family Brewers. 
Here is the entiree story, complete with creative embellishments, straight from Fort George Brewing. 
Behind the Scenes of 3-Way IPA 2015 
A Fort George Collaboration with Georgetown Brewing and Pfriem Family Brewers 
THE COLLABORATION 
Preparations for a 3-Way IPA can be intricate, as you may imagine. Where do you begin? How does one approach a 3-Way IPA with a collaborator? With all of the amazing brewers out there, how do you choose? Well, it turns out the first step is to invite them out to dinner. 
This year’s collaboration began back in January at the Fort George Indian & IPA Brewer’s Dinner. Manny Chao arrived from Seattle with a keg of Eddie IPL, and Josh Pfriem brought along a Double IPA from Hood River. Jack Harris and Chris Nemlowill (and Beta IPA and Vortex) filled out the table. After five courses of spicy food and hoppy ales, a leisurely tour around Astoria’s nighttime establishments, and a few awkward late night photos in front of “The Pig,” everyone retired for the night in their respective rooms. 
The following day – bright and early at 11 am sharp – the recipe meeting commenced behind closed doors in the Lovell Taproom. 
Jack: I really like the way you guys make your IPAs. 
Manny: Thanks Jack. So, do we shoot for something different, or keep it something West Coast? 
Jack: We can make anything you guys want, as long as it’s an IPA. 
Potential hop varieties, packed into 8-oz Mason jars, circulated around the table. Aromas were analyzed, ideas were bandied about, and samples were sampled. 
“I think we all agree, we want it to be dry, we want it to be aromatic, and we want it to be hoppy,” Manny summarized. 
“And bright!” Josh added, diving into the specifics of the hop additions – amounts, times, and temperatures. “A little bit of Citra makes Equinox pop,” he explained. 
“Landing in that sweet spot, right around five and a half percent,” Manny continued. 
“A 5.7% ABV beer with over four pounds per barrel…you’re going to get a LOT of hops,” Jack noted. 
Duly noted. 
THIS YEAR’S 3-WAY IPA 
From the moment you pop the can, hop aroma hits you right in the nose. Fruit forward, with a crescendo of tropical and citrus flavors – 3-Way IPA presents an ensemble of Simcoe, Meridian, Citra, and Equinox hops. Enjoy a lustrous and lively play across the palate. 
Fort George’s 3-Way IPA is a collaboration of craft, a chance to exchange ideas and knowledge with brewers who are doing fantastic things with IPAs. Every summer features a new collaboration, a different recipe, and a unique 16-oz can design, but with the same 3-Way IPA name. 
THE TOUR 
Come hang out and grab a pint of 3-Way IPA, along with several other IPAs from Fort George, Georgetown, and Pfriem. The 3-Way IPA Tour is coming to a Pacific Northwest city near you. 
Vancouver, WA – Thursday May 14th – By the Bottle – 5pm to 8pm 
Cannon Beach, OR – Thursday May 14th – Cannon Beach Hardware – 4pm to 7pm 
Portland, OR – Friday May 15th – Roscoe’s – 5pm to 8pm 
Eugene, OR – Saturday May 16th – The Bier Stein – 5pm to 8pm 
Longview, WA – Wednesday May 20th – Porky’s Public House – 5pm to 8pm 
Bend, OR – Saturday May 23rd – Crow’s Feet Commons – 6pm to 9pm 
Bellingham, WA – Thursday June 4th – The Archer Ale House – 5pm to 8pm 
Seattle, WA – Saturday June 13th – The Pine Box (Tricycle Races) – 4pm to 7pm 
Spokane, WA – Friday June 19th – Lantern Tap House – 4pm to 8pm 
Seattle, WA – Saturday June 20th – The Masonry – 5pm to 8pm 
Seattle, WA – Friday June 26th – Beveridge Place Pub – 5pm to 8pm 
GEORGETOWN 
A Seattle craft brewery focused on doing one thing right… draft beer. Started by Roger Bialous and Manny Chao… a couple of beer loving local boys who brewed up a pretty darn tasty beer in the garage (actually it was the back deck, but garage sounded better). Sorry, no brewpub, but they do have a retail shop where you can pick up kegs to go, growlers, and perhaps get a taste of their newest beer before it’s released. Or you could be social and get out to your favorite local watering hole. If Georgetown beer is not on tap, let them know and they’ll do their best to pester ‘em into submission. 
PFRIEM 
The goals for the brewery were modest: to build a business that was tightly integrated with their family lives, to honor the place they call home, and to create a warm, friendly space where others could experience the creations. The goals for the creations themselves are anything but modest. 
Pfriem artisanal beers are symphonies of flavor and balance, influenced by the great brewers of Belgium, but unmistakably true to their homegrown roots in the Pacific Northwest. Although they are served humbly, each glass is overflowing with pride and a relentless aspiration to brew the best beer in the world. 
FORT GEORGE 
Locally owned and operated in historic downtown Astoria, Oregon, Fort George crafts original beers available only in the Pacific Northwest. Whether in cans or kegs, at the pub or on your front porch, Fort George beer brings people together in aromatic headiness and lupulin ecstasy. For more information about Fort George, go to www.fortgeorgebrewery.com or follow them on Twitter, Instagram, and Snapchat @FortGeorgeBeer. 
3-Way IPA is available in 16-oz four-packs and draft starting May 22nd. Fort George beer is distributed only in the Pacific Northwest. Share this:!@#english
Kings XI insert RCB!@#Live Scoring: Bangalore v Punjab 
Bangalore have picked up three wins in their last four games and have a great opportunity to move into fourth position on the IPL log with a victory here today while Punjab have not tasted victory in their last four outings. 
AB de Villiers has had a mediocre tournament by his standards with three 40s and just one half century to his name in nine innings while Rilee Rossouw has failed to impress, scoring just 14 runs in his two trips to the crease. The one shining light that RCB have is David Wiese. The burly allrounder has claimed 10 wickets at 17.3 to date and scored 106 valuable runs at an average of 35.33 and a healthy strike-rate of 143.24. 
David Miller has had an indifferent season for the Kings XI, with just one half century to his name, although the big hitting left-hander has posted scores of 42 and 43 in his last two innings. But Miller’s failure to explode has also infected the rest of the top-order as the Kings XI struggle to find any combinations or consistency. 
Punjab’s batting struggles are evident in the fact that they have failed to score above 150 in the four matches that they have lost on the trot, which is why last season’s finalists are rooted to the bottom of the table. 
ROYAL CHALLENGERS BANGALORE: CH Gayle, V Kohli (capt), AB de Villiers, Mandeep Singh, KD Karthik (wk), SN Khan, D Wiese, MA Starc, HV Patel, YS Chahal, S Aravind 
KINGS XI PUNJAB: M Vijay, M Vohra, GJ Maxwell, DA Miller, GJ Bailey (capt), WP Saha (wk), AR Patel, MG Johnson, Anureet Singh, Sandeep Sharma, Karanveer Singh © MWP!@#english
||| IPL 2015: RCB v KXIP @ Bangalore ||| (Page 29) | 4371858 | Sports/Cricket!@#Aaj Punjab Ise Chase karegi!@#english
KKR unaffected by Narine absence, says coach Bayliss - Firstpost!@#KKR unaffected by Narine absence, says coach Bayliss May 6, 2015 20:05 IST Print this Article 
Kolkata: Kolkata Knight Riders coach Trevor Bayliss on Wednesday said that his side have made a smooth transition from Sunil Narine to Brad Hogg but they still want the Trinidadian spinner badly in the ongoing IPL cricket tournament. 
After being barred by the BCCI from bowling his off-spin following a retest in Chennai, Narine underwent a third test and the report is still awaited. Trevor Bayliss. BCCI 
In the absence of Narine, 44-year-old Australian chinaman bowler Brad Hogg has taken eight wickets in four matches, including a four-wicket haul in their win against Chennai Super Kings . 
"The performance of our spinners particularly Hogg replacing Sunil has been a fairly easy transition. It really has not affected the team very much at all," Bayliss told a press conference on the eve of their clash against Delhi Daredevils . 
"Obviously we're hoping that he gets back into play as quick as possible. He's an important part of our team, like a popular member of the squad," he said. 
In the ongoing IPL season, Narine has taken two wickets in five matches at an economy rate of 8.08 and was left out of Kolkata's away clash against Chennai Super Kings on April 28 to accommodate Hogg. 
Even as the future looks bleak for Narine, the KKR chief coach backed the Trinidad off-spinner saying he would need a couple of years to be back to his usual self. 
"He's done a lot of hard work after the CLT20. If you have seen the first two or three games this season his action was very very good. Over a period of time, under a little bit pressure, the body reverts to the action you usually bowl," Bayliss said. 
"It will take a year or two to be absolutely perfect under pressure. It will depend on how hard he works on it but he's worked very hard on that since October and turned up in the IPL with a new action. We're quite confident he wants to work hard, he wants to play cricket and wants to do the right the thing." 
On Narine's latest update, Bayliss said: "We can't really do anything till we find out the results of the tests. He's continuing to work on his new action as he's done for last three-four months. When we find out we'll make some decisions." 
Bayliss said Hogg has impressed the KKR think tank during his CLT20 sojourn for Perth Scorchers in India in September-October last year. 
"We picked him as a replacement for Sunil because we were not exactly sure what's going to happen with Sunil. We wanted a spinner who was difficult to pick for a lot of batters, and certainly Hogg was in that category. 
"Especially in the Big Bash League batsmen found him difficult to pick. He performed a similar role for Perth Scorchers when he had come here for the CLT20 in September there was not many Indian or International batters who picked his wrong ones. The batsmen were not sure what's coming down the wicket just makes the job a little bit more difficult and hopefully it brings more wickets for us. Hogg has done a fantastic job in Sunil's absence," said Bayliss. 
On April 29, a BCCI statement confirmed that while he was permitted to bowl variations, including the knuckle ball and the quicker deliveries, he was barred from bowling his off-spinners as he went for a fresh test, the report of which is still awaited. 
Having been reported thrice in six months in a BCCI-run tournament, Narine faces International suspension if the on-field umpires report him again. 
Pointing out that bowling had been KKR's main strength, Bayliss said he was looking forward for their batting to click as a unit and get stronger as the tournament gets to the business end. 
"We want to be playing our best cricket towards the end of the tournament. Our batting which probably has been our weak link has started to click. Certainly our bowling has been our strength over a number of years. Our bowlers for the last three-four seasons have done a fantastic job. If our batting clicks, we'll be a force in this competition." 
Bayliss also said that IPL was not of international standard but the atmosphere and hype brings out the best from the players. 
"It's not international cricket. There are some international players, but it is not quite the standard of international cricket. There's a lot of people watching the game. There's lot of hype, a lot of noise around you. When players perform in front of those crowd you want to do well," Bayliss said. 
"It's not just from our team but you see some fantastic performances from a lot of players throughout the competition," he added. 
Delhi Daredevils may be an inconsistent side but Bayliss said they cannot take their opponents lightly. 
"Whether it's Delhi or not, even Kings XI Punjab have not had the best of the tournaments as yet. They can be very dangerous as well. It's very very close in the ladder, there're seven-eight good teams out there and anyone can beat anyone on a given day," Bayliss said. 
"With Yuvraj scoring runs we know how dangerous he can be. They have got other Indian players doing well top of the order. Duminy obviously is a class player. Their bowling attack in the two legspinners... They're a very very dangerous side, we have to at our best to beat them." 
KKR will be playing on a different wicket and Byliss said they're yet to decide on the team combination. 
"We're playing on a fresh wicket this match. We'll look at the opposition and the wicket and given and we'll make decisions from then," said Bayliss. 
PTI !@#english
Steve Smith confident of delivering in later stages of IPL!@#06 May 2015, 21:39   21:59 
Mumbai: By his lofty batting standards in recent Tests as well as in the World Cup, Steve Smith has succeeded only moderately in the IPL cricket tournament for Rajasthan Royals this season, but he is optimistic that he would deliver big in the coming games. IPL 8: Gayle's century help Bangalore post 226/3 against Punjab Smith confident of delivering in later IPL 
"I still feel I am hitting the ball well. I still feel very good at the crease and am confident of contributing in the business end of the tournament," said the Australian batsman, who was the scourge of the Indian bowlers in the four-Test series down under prior to the World Cup, on Wednesday. "Look, I would have liked a few more runs at this stage of the tournament. We've performed well as a side and that is what matters. We are near the top of the table and a few games to go. Hopefully we can finish off well by winning one of our last three and make it to the qualifiers," he elaborated on the eve of Royals' 12th match against Sunrisers Hyderabad. Royals, who were knocked out by Mumbai Indians last year in the race for the fourth and final play-off spot, need one more win from the remaining three games to make the last-four grade. "It (game against SRH) is another important game for us. We are probably one win away from being able to qualify for the finals. It is a big game for us. We have got Chennai and Kolkata to play as well, two other quality teams," said Smith, who has scored 179 runs from ten completed games. "Hopefully, we can play well tomorrow, here at our second home at the CCI and be able to qualify for the finals after tomorrow's game," said the 25-year-old Smith who is the front-runner to take over the one-day captaincy from Michael Clarke who has retired after leading Australia to World Cup glory. Smith said different approaches to batting in different formats was probably the key to his success in all three formats of the game. "It is just about being able to go up and down in different gears. In Test cricket, you obviously got a lot more time. For me it is just about being patient in batting, not try and do too much, not try and premeditate anything," Smith said. "With my training, I try and bat the same way as I would out in the middle, that's leaving lots of balls, just being patient (in Tests). With training for T20, I try to clear the fence a lot. "I know that I have got the game to be able to just bat (in all formats). What I need to work on in T20 is my power game, hitting big balls. That is what I practice in T20. I change my training routine a little bit more than anything, but basics remain pretty much the same." Smith said he had some modest success in Tests played in India and was eager to confront the challenge again in 2017 when Australia will be visiting the country. "I have had a little taste of playing Test cricket in India. I got 92 and 46 in the Test I played here. It certainly is a great place for Test cricket. It's a big challenge playing against India in these conditions. I would love to come back, I guess it would be in 2017, when we come back next," said the 25-year-old Sydney-born batsman who has played 28 Tests and 58 ODIs since his international debut in February, 2010. "It is Michael's team at the moment and I am just enjoying playing and hopefully contributing to more Australia wins. Am not thinking too far about the future, to be honest," he said when asked whether he thought he could be the leader of Australia on that visit.!@#english
FICA warns teams against touring Pakistan!@#06 May 2015, 21:20   21:20 
New Delhi: As Pakistan gets ready to host Zimbabwe in its first proper home series in six years, the Federation of International Cricketers' Association warned against international teams touring the country, stating its security experts had said the "risk is unmanageable". We have spoken about last year's IPL: Stuart Binny Representational image 
FICA's advise came a day before Alistair Campbell, the Zimbabwe Cricket managing director, and security experts arrived in Pakistan to assess the security situation ahead of the team's limited-overs tour of the country later this month. "The risk assessment that we have received from FICA's security consultants is that an international tour to Pakistan remains an unacceptable risk and teams are advised against travelling there at present. Although we are sure that the Pakistan Cricket Board will do what they can regarding a security plan, our experts advise that the risk is unmanageable," Tony Irish, the FICA executive chairman, said in a statement. He added: "We are very concerned about the safety of players and any match officials who may be sent to Pakistan, should this tour go ahead." Zimbabwe are due to play three ODIs and two T20 internationals in Lahore from May 19 to 31. On March 3, 2009, gunmen had ambushed the vehicles transporting the Sri Lankan players and match officials to the Gaddafi Stadium in Lahore for the third day of the Test. Several players suffered injuries, while security personnel and civilians were killed.!@#english
!@#Drumo said: ↑ ... will push towards $10 this week IMO, once were through there will be no stopping us! Click to expand... So far, you are correct, good steady rises today, on the echo of a rising oil price. I am glad to have bought into STO. I have thought of selling, now that it is hovering around $9. But I don't want to sell too soon - that is the mistake I made with IPL.
For the time being, I shall hang on with STO, and hope that your analysis is correct. Certainly, STO always used to be above $11 in the recent past, so it is not wild to think it could go back to that.!@#english
We have spoken about last year's IPL: Stuart Binny!@#06 May 2015, 20:39 Jagran Post News Desk Jagran Post Editorial | Last Updated: 06 May 2015, 21:59 
Mumbai: Rajasthan Royals are in a similar situation like last year when they were one win away from qualifying for the IPL cricket play-offs but were knocked out by Mumbai Indians and the team members have talked about it, said Stuart Binny here on Wednesday. Steve Smith confident of delivering in later stages of IPL We have spoken about last year's IPL: Binny 
"We have reflected on what happened last time. We were in a similar situation. We had to win one game to qualify," said the 30-year-old all-rounder ahead of the Royals' 12th game against laggards Sunrisers Hyderabad. Last year, in a do-or-die situation between RR and MI to nail the last play-off spot, the latter came out trumps by chasing a stiff target of 190 due to a blistering knock of 94 not out in 43 balls by Corey Anderson of New Zealand. Binny, who made his Test debut last season in England and was also a member of the Indian World Cup squad later, said this time around the Royals were eager to make amends and the Brabourne Stadium wicket would suit their style of play. "We are focusing on what we have in hand. We are playing on a wicket that is very much suitable to us. We look to turn the table this time. "We have spoken about it. It was important to get on to a winning note after five games. We still have to win, still have to perform and play good cricket," said Binny. Binny said it was too early to say whether Royals would include a frontline spinner after having none in the previous game that they won against Delhi Daredevils last Sunday. "We are not sure how the wicket will play. It looks pretty much similar to the last game which was a night game and the dew factor came into play. We have to wait for the toss. Tomorrow's game commences at 4 pm. The top seven Royals batsmen have shown encouraging form with the bat, said Binny. "T20 is all about starting well and having wickets at the back end. I think we have batted well when it comes to Watto (captain Shane Watson ) and Jinks (Ajinkya Rahane) who has been in great form right from the World Cup. "Karun (Nair) and Sanjeev (Samson) had that opportunity to do well in the last two games. Everyone is hitting the ball well. We also have (James) Faulkner at no. 7. We are all in good touch," said the Bengaluru-based player. Binny said being part of the World Cup squad had made him a better cricketer in handling difficult situations. "Playing well in the Test match in England boosted my confidence a lot. Those days are gone now. "Being part of the set-up and sharing the dressing room with the Indian team in the World Cup have made me a better thinking cricketer about what to do in situations," said Binny who has scored 71 runs from 6 innings and taken 4 wickets.!@#english
IPL 8: Gayle's century help Bangalore post 226/3 against Punjab!@#Brief Score: Royal Challengers Bangalore: 226 for 3 in 20 overs.(Chris Gayle 117, AB de Villiers 47 not out; Sandeep Sharma 2/41). 
Teams: 
Bangalore: V Kohli*, S Aravind, YS Chahal, AB de Villiers, CH Gayle, H Patel, SN Khan, Mandeep Singh, MA Starc, D Wiese Punjab: M Vijay, M Vohra, GJ Maxwell, DA Miller, GJ Bailey*, WP Saha†, AR Patel, MG Johnson, Anureet Singh, Sandeep Sharma, Karanveer Singh!@#english
Business Machines : Patent Issued for Orphan Storage Release!@#). 
This patent was filed on August 1, 2012 and was published online on . 
From the background information supplied by the inventors, news correspondents obtained the following quote: "The present invention relates in general to the field of computer operations and, more particularly to common memory orphan storage release. 
"It is known to control storage systems using powerful host computer systems such as mainframe type computer systems. These host systems execute operating systems such as the z/OS operating system available from . The z/OS operating system is well suited for continuation, high volume operation with high security and stability. 
ystems such as the z/OS operating system relates to common (i.e., shared) storage region of memory. More specifically, when executing programs within the z/OS operating system, it is possible that storage obtained within the common storage region memory may be inadvertently left allocated without being freed. With this condition, the storage remains orphaned until the system is reinitialized, via e.g., an initial program load (IPL). Unlike private storage, storage obtained by a program in the common region of memory can be used by multiple address spaces and is not automatically freed when the program that obtained the memory ends execution. This orphaned storage can add up over time and can eventually cause the system to abnormally terminate (often referred to as an ABEND) due to the system no longer having available common memory storage. 
"Accordingly, it would be desirable to provide a mechanism that identities orphan storage and releases the orphaned storage before application or system outages result." 
Supplementing the background information on this patent, VerticalNews reporters also obtained the inventors' summary information for this patent: "In accordance with the present invention, a method, system and computer readable medium are provided that identify orphan storage and release the orphaned storage before application or system outages can result. More specifically, in certain embodiments, a method, system and computer readable medium are provided which periodically scans through common memory storage and identifies those areas that are no longer associated with a running task or have been allocated for longer than a running task with a matching task address. These areas are then identified as potentially orphaned. storage locations. 
age as a potentially orphaned storage location; determining whether the potentially orphaned storage location should be excluded from being identified as potentially orphaned storage location; and, when the potentially orphaned storage location is not excluded from being identified as a potentially orphaned storage location, releasing the area within the common memory." 
For the URL and additional information on this patent, see: LeGendre, David B.; Reed, David C.; Rios, Esteban; Smith, Max D.. Orphan Storage Release. U.S. Patent Number 9021220, filed August 1, 2012 , and published online on April 28, 2015 . Patent URL: http://patft.uspto.gov/netacgi/nph-Parser?Sect1=PTO1&Sect2=HITOFF&d=PALL&p=1&u=%2Fnetahtml%2FPTO%2Fsrchnum.htm&r=1&f=G&l=50&s1=9021220.PN.OS=PN/9021220RS=PN/9021220 
Keywords for this news article include: Technology Companies, . 
Our reports deliver fact-based news of research and discoveries from around the world. Copyright 2015, NewsRx LLC!@#english
KKR set to extend spin formula at home!@#Kolkata Knight Riders v Delhi Daredevils, IPL 2015, Kolkata May 6, 2015 KKR set to extend spin formula at home 
Start time 2000 local (1430 GMT) Play 02:21 O'Brien: Daredevils should bat first Big Picture 
Spin, spin, spin. It's been Kolkata Knight Riders' tried-and-tested formula to win at home, and their last match - a 35-run win over Sunrisers Hyderabad - showcased it in exaggerated proportions. Perhaps the pitch they played on was a response to the slightly wobbly position they began that match in - a loss might have caused them to slip out of the top four. 
It's unlikely the surface for their next game will change too much, even though they are in a far better position now, even though their opponents, Delhi Daredevils, possess a tasty spin attack themselves. Brad Hogg and Piyush Chawla (and possibly Johan Botha too), against Amit Mishra and Imran Tahir should make for an interesting contest. 
Daredevils have lost three of their last four games, and sit not too far above bottom-placed Kings XI Punjab. They are still in with a chance of finishing in the top four, but have only four games left, and cannot afford to take any time finding a way to win matches. A defeat to Knight Riders may just end any realistic hopes they have. Form guide 
Kolkata Knight Riders WLWLL (last five completed matches, most recent first) Delhi Daredevils LLWLW Watch out for… 
He's scored his runs at a strike rate of over 140, but he's only faced 86 balls this season. From that stat it might seem like Angelo Mathews is batting too far down the order, but that hasn't always been the case. In his last two innings, he came in with a reasonable number of overs left, got starts, and got out, finishing with scores of 16 and 12. Mathews will definitely want to contribute more substantially when he comes in with eight or nine overs to go. 
He isn't spoken about in the same breath as Sunil Narine or Brad Hogg, but Piyush Chawla 's legspin has been a vital facet of Knight Riders' success. This season, he has taken seven wickets while conceding only 6.96 runs an over. He gets a lot of help from the Eden Gardens surface, no doubt, but opposition teams haven't really been able to go after him. Stats and trivia 
Robin Uthappa has 22 stumpings in the IPL, a record he shares with MS Dhoni. But he's taken only 81 innings, to Dhoni's 114, to reach the mark Four players likely to play this match - Gautam Gambhir, Amit Mishra, Piyush Chawla and Manish Pandey - feature in the top five of the 'Most ducks in the IPL' list Quotes 
"Brad Hogg has done a fantastic job in Sunil Narine's absence. We wanted a spinner that we thought a lot of batters would struggle to pick. Certainly Brad is in that category. Even the players who play with him regularly find him difficult to pick." Knight Riders coach Trevor Bayliss 
Karthik Krishnaswamy is a senior sub-editor at ESPNcricinfo  !@#english
||| IPL 2015: RCB v KXIP @ Bangalore ||| (Page 32) | 4371858 | Sports/Cricket!@#and i picked Vohra over Patel, Sarfraz and Sandeep!@#english
||| IPL 2015: RCB v KXIP @ Bangalore ||| (Page 34) | 4371858 | Sports/Cricket!@#Originally posted by -Robin-
Originally posted by BeingBlunt
Originally posted by -Robin-
Originally posted by --RockStar--
Originally posted by -Robin-
Gayle congrats FL jitane ke liye not thinking about win yet Typical winners attitude.
lol you have seen how table is turning in every match Only you and Suhail are in winners race. Tanki is third. Ankit 4th and me fifth according to current situation. Unless some one really uses a lot of subs and kills it every match.!@#english
||| IPL 2015: RCB v KXIP @ Bangalore ||| (Page 33) | 4371858 | Sports/Cricket!@#Originally posted by -Robin-
Originally posted by tomnjerry2
i may fall down to 12 or even 15 today !! i picked gayle coz of mediocre bowling of KXIP not because he is a big player
Gayle has a reputation so does Maxwell but he keeps failing .. !!!!@#english
Chris Gayle hits 117 off 57 and Cristiano Ronaldo celebrates!@#@jaspreet_sahni Image credit: Getty Images 
The Indian Premier League was once again hit by Gayle storm on Wednesday but what stood out apart from the 12 sixes the Royal Challengers Bangalore opener hit was the celebration that followed. 
It was not the usual run-jog-sprint knock Chris Gayle normally plays in limited-overs cricket. The first of his dozen sixes in the 57-ball entertainment came in the second over itself, where he took Mitchell Johnson apart with 20 runs in six balls. ALSO SEE Gayle first to hit 500 sixes in T20s 
It took just 46 balls for the West Indian giant to bring up his 14th hundred in T20 cricket, well ahead in the race from the second-placed Brendon McCullum who has six. 
He scored 100 of his 117 runs in just 19 balls - hitting seven boundaries in addition to his 12 sixes. ALSO SEE Images from the match 
En route the storm at the M Chidambaram Stadium in Bangalore, the Jamaican marauder brought up his 3000 IPL runs, easily the fastest when you see the list: Gayle in 75 innings, Suresh Raina in 103 innings and Gautam Gambhir in 110 innings. 
Image credit: BCCI 
Gayle took just 22 balls to reach fifty in his knock on Wednesday, which is his second quickest in IPL - the fastest being in 17 balls, which came in the 175* he hit against now-defunct Pune Warriors India in 2013. 
Image credit: BCCI 
But he saved the best for the last. 
Image credit: BCCI 
After reaching his century, Gayle set off like a firecracker moving up and down to settle in a Cristiano Ronaldo pose as the image went viral on social media. 
You just can't beat him - be it hitting sixes that hit the stadium roof or when it comes to celebrating your success. 
Image credit: BCCI!@#english
It is a do or die situation for Delhi Daredevils from now on: Yuvraj Singh!@#Comments Any interruption in play could change the course of the game from one side's favour to another. Tuesday's IPL game #39 saw 46-minute stoppage in all when Delhi Daredevils were on top at the Wankhede, reducing Mumbai Indians to 40/4. From that position, one would have expected Delhi Daredevils to win. 
Any interruption in play could change the course of the game from one side's favour to another. Tuesday's IPL game #39 saw 46-minute stoppage in all when Delhi Daredevils were on top at the Wankhede, reducing Mumbai Indians to 40/4. From that position, one would have expected Delhi Daredevils to win. 
However, as it happened, rain left dew on the pitch, the ball was coming nicely on to the bat and the three dangerous batsmen Rohit Sharma, Ambati Rayudu and Kieron Pollard saw Mumbai Indians home without panic. 
Yuvraj Singh, Daredevils' top-scorer with 57, said it was a game that his team should have won. “A total of 160 was a winning target, 150 could have gone anywhere. The wicket was gripping a bit at the start and with the dew, the ball was coming on to the bat nicely. If there was no rain, and if our spinners got more turn, the result would have been different. But to be fair to MI, they played well under pressure. Rohit Sharma and Rayudu took the game to the end,” Yuvraj said after the match. 
Yuvraj Singh said it was not a 152-run pitch. “After the rain came, the dew set in and the pitch got better. There was no spin. Earlier on, there was spin while we were batting, it was gripping. No doubt they played well. At 40/4, you should win games. Unfortunately for us, Rohit and Rayudu put up that partnership (of 60).” 
The 33-year-old left-hander was pleased with the way he batted at the Wankhede. “I have been playing the ball well but getting (only) a few 20s, not the 35-plus knocks. IPL is a format where you cannot really assess consistency. You want to win games for your team. My job is to win games and play knocks to get those two points and that's what I look to do.” 
Daredevils are lying in the bottom half of the table with eight points from 10 games and have to win each of their remaining games to be able to qualify for the playoffs. “It is a do or die situation,” he said. “We have four games, have to win them. It is going to be tough. It is not impossible. I remember KKR winning seven straight games to qualify for the last four and win the tournament last year. Anything is possible in cricket. I will try my best.” Daredevils take on Kolkata Knight Riders in their next game at the Eden Gardens in Kolkata.!@#english
Lasith Malinga's absence will hurt us in Chennai, says Rohit Sharma!@#Lasith Malinga's absence will hurt us in Chennai, says Rohit Sharma Wednesday, 6 May 2015 - 10:06pm IST | Place: Mumbai | Agency: dna Comments After four successive losses to start IPL-8, former champions Mumbai Indians have begun to peak at the right time. Four straight victories and their fifth in 10 games later, Rohit Sharma believes that his team is hitting the right straps as the fight for the top-four in the points table intensifies. 
After four successive losses to start IPL-8, former champions Mumbai Indians have begun to peak at the right time. Four straight victories and their fifth in 10 games later, Rohit Sharma believes that his team is hitting the right straps as the fight for the top-four in the points table intensifies. 
Mumbai Indians' latest win by five wickets off the last over against Delhi Daredevils on Tuesday night at the Wankhede have made the mid-table look so clustered that anything is possibile. 
Sharma, though agreeing that his team is peaking at the right time, did not want to think too far ahead. “We actually are not thinking about the table now,” he said after match No. 39. “It (the table) is very complicated and tight. 
Everyone is very close to each other. What happens after May 17 (when the league stage ends) is important. We will take each game at a time. It is important to stay in the present, think of the next game and take it from there. The table doesn't really matter. It might again change after tomorrow's game. We are happy to win this game. We go to Chennai and think about how to win the game there.” 
Mumbai Indians take on table toppers Chennai Super Kings in Chennai on Friday and will be without Lasith Malinga following Tamil Nadu government's ban on Sri Lankans' entry into its territory. Though Malinga had an inauspicious start to IPL-8, he has come back well and bowled well as he is known to, picking up wickets and also containing the opposition batsman. 
Sharma said his team would miss Malinga in Chennai. “Of course, we are going to miss him (in Chennai). He has been a crucial member of our team. It gives an opportunity for someone else to play and that's what happened with Mitchell McClenaghan. When he came, nobody expected him to do so well. He has performed really well. He has grabbed the opportunity really well. It (Malinga's absence in Chennai) might give someone else the chance to come and perform but his absence will be felt. The kind of form he has been in lately, is really going to hurt us.” 
Malinga, Mumbai Indians' highest wicket-taker with 15 victims, may be missed but Sharma can gain strength from the fact that his ace off-spinner Harbhajan Singh has been in peak form this season, with 11 wickets in nine games including a miserly spell of 4-1-11-2 on Tuesday. Harbhajan's economy rate of 7.52 is Mumbai Indians' best this season. 
Sharma hoped that the 34-year-old Harbhajan will continue the good work. “The way he has been bowling throughout the tournament has been superb. Bhajji is such an experienced player, knows exactly what to do. He is taking wickets, containing runs. When one of the senior members of your bowling unit is doing so well, it really helps. Am sure he is bowling at his best from what I have seen in the past two-three years. If he continues to do that, it will be good for us. With four more more games to go, hope he keeps doing what he is doing,” the MI skipper said. 
Mumbai Indians' latest win came after the team was in the doldrums at 40/4 chasing 153. But two interruptions, one for 14 minutes and again for 32 minutes actually came as a blessing in disguise. Sharma explained: 
“Actually, we were under pressure and the break really helped. We lost four wickets before the longer break. We are now used to games being interrupted in between because of the weather. All you can do is strategise what you want to do, how you want to comeback again and play the game. That's what we decided, go and play normal cricket, and not think of Duckworth-Lewis par score. We can't do much about it if the rain comes.” 
The rain during the game actually helped Mumbai Indians' batting. “The wicket was really nice to bat on. After the rain, the ball was wet, it was coming nicely on to bat. We knew we had to have wickets in hand. When I got out (for 46), we had Pollard, Suchith and Vinay to follow. We knew we had some batting. As captain, I cannot lose hope. I have to stay positive no matter what position we are in. That's what Rayudu and Pollard did. They have been in this situations before and know exactly how to finish games.” 0!@#english
||| IPL 2015: RCB v KXIP @ Bangalore ||| (Page 36) | 4371858 | Sports/Cricket!@#Originally posted by ScorpionGunner
Has anybody Gayle in his team and specially as PP #JustAsking Good question. I haven't - since he is not consistent.!@#english
||| IPL 2015: RCB v KXIP @ Bangalore ||| (Page 37) | 4371858 | Sports/Cricket!@#Originally posted by -Robin-
Originally posted by Baki
Originally posted by ScorpionGunner
Has anybody Gayle in his team and specially as PP #JustAsking Good question. I haven't - since he is not consistent.
me, ankit and atul have him as PP
480+ toh Gayle hi dilayega tab!@#english
||| IPL 2015: RCB v KXIP @ Bangalore ||| (Page 38) | 4371858 | Sports/Cricket!@#I want to kill someone right now!
Weather reports dene wallo!@#english
||| IPL 2015: RCB v KXIP @ Bangalore ||| (Page 39) | 4371858 | Sports/Cricket!@#Raj & Babaji: I was about to take him in my team.!@#english
||| IPL 2015: RCB v KXIP @ Bangalore ||| 40) | 4371858 | Sports/Cricket!@#Originally posted by shayranahui.
Raj & Babaji: I was about to take him in my team. same here...but was unsure whether the match would even take for so long due to rain...!@#english
Chris Gayle 117 takes RCB at huge score against KXIP!@#9:59 PM A + A - Print Email T20 Specialist and IPL Tsunami RCB batsman Chris Gayle hit century against Kings XI Punjab today in Bangalore. rcb vs kxip played 40th match of IPL T20 today in Bangalore at M. Chinnaswamy Stadium, Toss won by kxip and want to bat first, after that kxip captain knew what a mistake he is doing, the batting Tsunami of RCB Chris Gayle hit 117 runs in 57 balls (sixes- 12, fours- 7) this century gives royal challengers Bangalore get huge score on scoreboard. Here you can see rcb vs kxip live score, full rcb vs kxip highlights of today match, kxip vs rcb live scorecard, rcb vs kxip scoreboard. Complete score board of Royal Challengers Bangalore against KXIP Chris Gayle Chris Gayle- 117 (image source twitter) Virat Kohli- 32!@#english
||| IPL 2015: RCB v KXIP @ Bangalore ||| (Page 41) | 4371858 | Sports/Cricket!@#Originally posted by shayranahui.
Originally posted by 9tanki
Originally posted by raj80
Originally posted by shayranahui.
I want to kill someone right now!
Weather reports dene wallo Gayle would have been my PP ...
Email [email protected]
Don't rub salt in wound. Salt nahi re... its band aid!@#english
||| IPL 2015: RCB v KXIP @ Bangalore ||| (Page 42) | 4371858 | Sports/Cricket!@#Originally posted by -Robin-
Originally posted by raj80
@Robin total pts? u said u had Gayle,Starc,AB,Kohli...in one match u might earn more than 900 pts ... 806 and now chahal is bowling
I did not get that many points in daily challenge as well with 11 players How much did I score ?!@#english
